GBREL.TXT          Genetic Sequence Data Bank
                         15 June 1990

                     GenBank(R) Release 64.0

                 Distribution Tape Release Notes

  35100 loci, 42495893 bases, from 43028 reported sequences

This document describes the data written on GenBank distribution
tapes. The examples used are from the current release.  If you have
any questions or comments about the data bank, the distribution tape,
or this document, please call (415)962- 7364 or write to:

     	GenBank 
     	c/o IntelliGenetics Inc.
     	700 East El Camino Real
     	Mountain View, California 94040
     	USA

The electronic mail address is: GENBANK@GENBANK.BIO.NET

1. INTRODUCTION

1.1  Release 64.0

Release 64.0 has 35,100 loci representing 42,495,893 bases.  Release
63.0 had 33,377 loci with 40,127,752 bases. Release 64.0 thus is 5.9%
larger in bases than Release 63.0.  A statistical summary of Release
64.0 is presented in Appendix A.

1.2  Organization of This Document

This introduction notes the changes to GenBank since the last release.
The next section describes the contents of the tape files. The third
section illustrates the formats of the tape files. The fourth section
describes the proposed changes planned for future releases. The last
section contains notes about the administration of GenBank.

1.3  Recent Changes in the Data Bank

1.3.1  Changes in This Release

1.3.1.1  International Feature Table Format

The EMBL Data Library and GenBank, with the assistance of the DNA Data
Bank of Japan, have developed a standard feature table to be
implemented by all three data banks. The new feature table is designed
to be more understandable and useful. The common feature table will
also make software development easier and allow simpler data
conversion between data banks.

The new feature table will be implemented in Release 64.0 (June 1990).
Details of the new format are described in a document entitled: 'The
DDBJ/EMBL/GenBank feature table: Definition, Version 1.01, September
10, 1988.' Copies of this document are available on request at the
address given on the first page of these release notes.

Section 3.5.11 provides further information on the new feature table
format.

1.3.1.2 Minor Differences in GenBank Format

Beginning in the second quarter of 1990, the GenBank data bank will be
maintained in relational format. The data bank will continue to be
distributed in the standard flatfile format described in this
document. Starting with Release 64.0, the standard flatfile GenBank
data bank (generated from the relational data base tables) will
contain a few minor format differences from previous releases. These
differences are described in the remainder of this section.

Information about the relational data base format can be requested by
calling (505) 665-2177 or by writing to:

	GenBank
	Group T-10, Mail Stop K710
	Los Alamos National Laboratories
	Los Alamos, NM 87545

1.3.1.2.1 Keyword Order

The order of keyword phrases on the KEYWORDS line will be
alphabetical.

1.3.1.2.2 Accession Number Order

The order of non-primary accesion numbers on the ACCESSION line is not
necessarily preserved from one release to the next.

1.3.1.2.3 Reference Order

The order of the references in an entry is not necessarily preserved
from one release to the next.

1.3.1.2.4 Changes in Taxonomy

The taxonomic classification of many organisms will be changed to
ensure uniformity throughout the data bank. A few organisms will be
listed as unclassified as a result of inconsistencies in the data. The
annotation staff is addressing these inconsistencies.

1.3.1.2.5 Inconsistencies in Reference Information

Inconsistencies in reference information will not be preserved. All
occurences of a single reference will be identical, usually matching
the first occurrence in the data bank.

1.3.1.2.6 Formatting Changes

Some text fields (for example, definition, comment, title, etc.) will,
in some cases, be reformatted slightly. In most cases, the actual text
will remain unchanged.

1.3.1.2.7 Comment Field Formatting

Any special formatting in the comment field may not be preserved. This
will be corrected in future releases.

1.3.1.2.8 Reference Line Changes

The reference lines for sites and review papers will be slightly
modified. All of these papers will be classified as 'sites', with the
original text describing the citation appearing in the comment field.

1.3.1.3  Data from EMBL and the DNA Data Bank of Japan

New sequence data from EMBL Release 21 have been incorporated into
this release of GenBank. Sequence data from Release 6.0 of the DNA
Data Bank of Japan (DDBJ) have also been incorporated into this
release. Entries with accession numbers beginning with the letter 'D'
have been created and annotated by DDBJ. Release 64 contains
approximately 408 entries from DDBJ.

1.3.1.4  Changes in Locus Names

Several locus names have been changed to make the application of the
organism codes consistent throughout the data bank. These changes are
listed in Appendix B.

1.3.2  Changes in Earlier Releases

The following changes in GenBank format were installed in previous
releases and described in their Release Notes. These changes are
described here again for those users who may not have received those
releases.

1.3.2.1  VAX/VMS Backup Saveset Files Are Compressed (Release 62) 

Starting with Release 62.0, the GenBank distribution files in the
VAX/VMS Backup Saveset will be compressed before writing them to tape.
This will save approximately 65% in magnetic media required for these
distributions, saving you money and enabling us to duplicate the tapes
more rapidly.

The saveset includes a public domain executable image for the VMS
Uncompress utility (DCOMPRESS.EXE) and a command procedure
(DECMPRESS.COM) to uncompress all the distribution files and remove
the compressed versions of those files. When all of the files are
uncompressed, the final total amount of disk space required will be
the same as if you had loaded a tape containing the uncompressed
files. During the uncompression phase some additional disk space is
required. For example, the files in Release 61 required approximately
189,000 disk blocks; the uncompression phase required an additional
2,450 blocks. These blocks are freed after installation.

Section 2.3 contains instructions for uncompressing files.

2. ORGANIZATION OF TAPE FILES

2.1  Tape Formats

The GenBank data bank is now available in three formats on three
different physical media (see Section 5.4 for further details on which
formats are available on each medium).

GenBank is available on 9-track, unlabelled, industry-standard, ASCII
magnetic tapes. These tapes have been written in fixed-length records
of 80 characters, each with no carriage-return or line-feed
characters. Each record corresponds to one line in the data bank;
trailing blanks have been added to the lines to make them all exactly
80 characters long. (A completely blank line is therefore represented
by 80 blanks.)

The label affixed to the tape reel indicates its block size and
density. If no specifications are received from you, the tape is
written with a fixed block size of 160 records (12,800 characters) and
a density of 6250 bpi (bits per inch).  We also offer tapes written at
a density of 1600 bpi and a block size of 40 records (3200
characters).

GenBank is also available as a VAX/VMS Backup saveset (on 9-track
tapes or TK-50 cartridges) or as compressed Unix tar archives (on 9
track tapes and Sun 1/4" QIC 24 format tape cartridges).

The data on the tapes have both uppercase and lowercase characters.
Upon special request, the unlabelled, 9 track tapes can be written
using uppercase characters only (Section 6.4 specifies which formats
are available in uppercase only).

2.2  Files

GenBank consists of twenty-two files in all magnetic tape
distributions. The list which follows describes each of the files
included in the distribution. In the following sections there are
additional lists indicating the breakdown of files on the various
media and formats.

2.2.1  File Descriptions

     1. GBREL.TXT - Release notes (this document).
     2. GBSDR.TXT - Short directory of the data bank.
     3. GBNEW.TXT - List of new or substantially revised
                    entries.
     4. GBACC.IDX - Index of the entries according to accession
                    number.
     5. GBKEY.IDX - Index of the entries according to keyword phrase.
     6. GBAUT.IDX - Index of the entries according to author.
     7. GBJOU.IDX - Index of the entries according to journal
                    citation.
     8. GBHGM.IDX - Index of the entries according to gene symbol.
     9. GBDAT.FRM - Forms for submitting sequences or corrections to
                    GenBank.
    10. GBPRI.SEQ - Primate sequence entries.
    11. GBROD.SEQ - Rodent sequence entries.
    12. GBMAM.SEQ - Other mammalian sequence entries.
    13. GBVRT.SEQ - Other vertebrate sequence entries.
    14. GBINV.SEQ - Invertebrate sequence entries.
    15. GBPLN.SEQ - Plant sequence entries (including fungi and
                    algae).
    16. GBORG.SEQ - Eukaryotic organelle sequence entries.
    17. GBBCT.SEQ - Bacterial sequence entries.
    18. GBRNA.SEQ - Structural RNA sequence entries.
    19. GBVRL.SEQ - Viral sequence entries.
    20. GBPHG.SEQ - Phage sequence entries.
    21. GBSYN.SEQ - Synthetic and chimeric sequence entries.
    22. GBUNA.SEQ - Unannotated sequence entries.
    

2.2.2  Fixed Length Records

Approximately 162 MB of disk space is required for the Release 64.0
files in fixed-length record format. All the files fit on two 6250 bpi
tapes and are divided between the tapes as follows.

Tape 1                            Tape 2

GBREL.TXT                        GBVRL.SEQ
GBSDR.TXT                        GBPHG.SEQ
GBNEW.TXT                        GBSYN.SEQ
GBACC.IDX                        GBUNA.SEQ 
GBKEY.IDX
GBAUT.IDX
GBJOU.IDX
GBHGM.IDX
GBDAT.FRM
GBPRI.SEQ
GBROD.SEQ
GBMAM.SEQ
GBVRT.SEQ
GBINV.SEQ
GBPLN.SEQ
GBORG.SEQ
GBBCT.SEQ
GBRNA.SEQ

 At 1600 bpi, six tapes are required and the files are divided among the tapes 
as follows: 

Tape 1                            Tape 4

GBREL.TXT                        GBINV.SEQ
GBSDR.TXT                        GBORG.SEQ
GBNEW.TXT                        GBBCT.SEQ
GBACC.IDX 
GBKEY.IDX
GBAUT.IDX                        Tape 5
GBJOU.IDX
GBHGM.IDX                        GBPLN.SEQ
GBDAT.FRM                        GBRNA.SEQ
GBUNA.SEQ                        GBPHG.SEQ
         
Tape 2                           Tape 6

GBPRI.SEQ                        GBVRL.SEQ
GBMAM.SEQ                        GBSYN.SEQ

Tape 3

GBROD.SEQ
GBVRT.SEQ




2.2.3  VAX/VMS Backup Saveset

Saveset files are in directory order rather than in the order shown
for the formats above. The files are in compressed format (See Section
1.3.1.2 for details). Approximately 116 MB of disk space is required
for Release 64.0 files in VAX/VMS Backup Saveset format. The files
archived in the Backup Saveset use variable-length records, not the
80-character fixed- length records described above. All files fit on
one 6250 bpi tape. At 1600 bpi, two tapes are required, and the files
are divided between the tapes as follows:

Tape 1                           Tape 2

AAAREADME.TXT                   GBVRL_SEQ.Z
DCOMPRESS.CLD                   GBVRT_SEQ.Z
DCOMPRESS.EXE                   
DECMPRESS.COM                   
GBACC_IDX.Z                     
GBAUT_IDX.Z                     
GBBCT_SEQ.Z                     
GBDAT_FRM.Z                     
GBHGM_IDX.Z                     
GBINV_SEQ.Z                     
GBJOU_IDX.Z                     
GBKEY_IDX.Z                    
GBMAM_SEQ.Z
GBNEW_TXT.Z
GBORG_SEQ.Z
GBPHG_SEQ.Z
GBPLN_SEQ.Z
GBPRI_SEQ.Z
GBREL_TXT.Z
GBRNA_SEQ.Z
GBROD_SEQ.Z
GBSDR_TXT.Z
GBSYN_SEQ.Z
GBUNA_SEQ.Z

NOTE: When the files are uncompressed (as instructed in Section 2.3)
the '.Z' will be removed from the end of the file name and the
characters after the underscore will become the file extension. For
example, 'GBACC_IDX.Z' will be named 'GBACC.IDX'.

One TK-50 cartridge is required; the files are in directory order and
are compressed as described above.

2.2.4  Unix tar Format

The files are compressed with the Unix compress utility before the tar
command is executed; they must therefore be uncompressed before use
(see Section 2.4 below for details). Approximately 38 MB of disk space
is required for the Release 64.0 files when in the compressed format;
the uncompressed files require approximately 116 MB. All files fit on
one 6250 bpi tape, 1600 bpi tape, or Sun cartridge. The files are in
directory order rather than in the order shown for the fixed-length
record formats. In addition, the file names are in lowercase letters.

The tar file uses variable length records; the records are not padded
to 80 characters with space characters. To get fixed- length,
80-character records, first uncompress the .Z files. Then use dd with
the conv=block and cbs=80 options set to filter the file. If you pad
the records, it adds approximately 46 MB of disk space.

Unix Tar File Order:

gbacc.idx.Z
gbaut.idx.Z
gbbct.seq.Z
gbdat.frm.Z
gbhgm.idx.Z
gbinv.seq.Z
gbjou.idx.Z
gbkey.idx.Z
gbmam.seq.Z
gbnew.txt.Z
gborg.seq.Z
gbphg.seq.Z
gbpln.seq.Z
gbpri.seq.Z
gbrel.txt.Z
gbrna.seq.Z
gbrod.seq.Z
gbsdr.txt.Z
gbsyn.seq.Z
gbuna.seq.Z
gbvrl.seq.Z
gbvrt.seq.Z

NOTE: When the files are uncompressed the '.Z' extension is removed
from the file names.

2.2.5 File Sizes

The following table indicates the approximate sizes of the individual
files in this release.  Since minor changes to some of the files may
occur after the release notes are printed, these sizes should not be
used to determine file integrity.  They are provided as an aid to
planning only. The columns in the table have the following meanings:

(1) - Sizes (in bytes) of the fixed-length record files (described in
      Section 2.2.2)
(2) - Sizes (in bytes) of the compressed files included in the Unix
      tarfile (Section 2.2.4) 
(3) - Sizes (in bytes) of the files in the Unix tarfile after
      uncompression (Section 2.2.4)
(4) - Sizes (in blocks) of the compressed files included in the VMS
      Backup saveset (Section 2.2.3 and 2.4) 
(5) - Sizes (in blocks) of the files in the VMS Backup saveset after
      decompression (Sections 2.2.3 and 2.3)

File               (1)        (2)         (3)     (4)      (5)
        
GBACC.IDX      3102000     475791     1407199     939     2825 
GBAUT.IDX      8564880    1691029     4784035    3462     9591
GBBCT.SEQ     16225360    4067267    12241265    8549    24585
GBDAT.FRM        30240       7194       17518      19       43 
GBHGM.IDX        93360      21096       60634      44      121
GBINV.SEQ     10865600    2582469     7996733    5452    16069
GBJOU.IDX      3905360     641187     2123574    1319     4264
GBKEY.IDX      3147600     742585     2152089    1503     4291
GBMAM.SEQ      5267600    1240711     3819640    2613     7676
GBNEW.TXT       728800     102363      443471     221      893
GBORG.SEQ      4920640    1195380     3696115    2514     7425
GBPHG.SEQ      2072080     492669     1480348    1051     2977
GBPLN.SEQ     10868880    2681845     8170950    5644    16411
GBPRI.SEQ     26923920    6246011    19464061   13178    39100
GBREL.TXT       353840      90749      276859     192      557
GBRNA.SEQ      3944160     688692     2367750    1513     4774
GBROD.SEQ     24304480    5476559    17291154   11579    34757
GBSDR.TXT      2812880     920822     2808799    1870     5624
GBSYN.SEQ      2351120     500435     1526006    1073     3071
GBUNA.SEQ      9638800    2385611     7368550    4953    14804
GBVRL.SEQ     15268400    3775449    11589403    7917    23278
GBVRT.SEQ      6137440    1437604     4419642    3045     8884
AAAREADME.TXT                                       2        2
DCOMPRESS.CLD                                       4        4
DCOMPRESS.EXE                                     150      150
DECMPRESS.COM                                       2        2

Totals       161527440   37463518   115505795   78808    232178



2.3  Loading Data Bank Files in VAX/VMS Backup Format

In order to use the VAX/VMS Backup Saveset format, you must be running
release 5.0 or greater of the VMS operating system. If you are not
running release 5.0 or greater, you should order the unlabelled ASCII
format instead of VAX/VMS Backup.

The following command should be used to load the saveset into the
current directory on your disk:

                BACKUP/LOG MSA0:GENBANK []

                (NOTE: Replace 'MSA0' with the identifier for your disk.)

The following command should be used to uncompress the files. NOTE: If
you do not want to keep all of the files, delete those you do not want
before you run the uncompress procedure. The uncompress routine works
on all the files in the directory that have a '.Z' extension.

                @DECMPRESS

The following commands were used to create the VAX/VMS Backup Saveset.
NOTE: The '...' indicates that the following line is a continuation
and should be typed without a break.

For 6250 bpi tape: BACKUP/DENSITY=6250/BUFFER=5/VERIFY/INTERCHANGE/...
                     LIST=GB.LST GB1:[GENBANK.PROD]GB*.* TAPE:GENBANK

For 1600 bpi tape: BACKUP/DENSITY=1600/BUFFER=5/VERIFY/INTERCHANGE/...
                     LIST=GB.LST GB1:[GENBANK.PROD]GB*.* TAPE:GENBANK

For TK-50 cartridge: BACKUP/BUFFER=5/VERIFY/INTERCHANGE/...
                       LIST=GB.LST GB1:[GENBANK.PROD]GB*.* TAPE:GENBANK

2.4  Loading Data Bank Files in Unix tar Format

The following commands should be used to load the Unix tar files into
the current directory on your disk:

	tar xvfb /dev/rmt8 126 gb*.Z

	uncompress gb*.Z

         (NOTE: Replace 'rmt8' with the identifier for your device.)

The following command was used to write the tarfile on the
distribution tape:

   For 6250 and 1600 bpi tapes:

	tar cvfb /dev/rmt8 20 gb*.Z

   For Sun cartridge:

	tar cvfb /dev/rst8 126 gb*.Z

3. FILE FORMATS

3.1  File Header Information

Each of the twenty-two files on the distribution tape begins with the
same header, except for the first line, which contains the file name,
and the sixth line, which contains the title of the file. The first
line of the file contains the file name in character positions 1 to 9
and the full data bank name (Genetic Sequence Data Bank) starting in
column 20. The brief names of the files in this release are listed in
section 2.2.

The second line contains the date of the current release in the form
'day month year', beginning in position 26. The fourth line contains
the current GenBank release number. The release number appears in
positions 41 to 45 and consists of two numbers separated by a decimal
point. The number to the left of the decimal is the major release
number. The digit to the right of the decimal indicates the version of
the major release; it is zero for the first version. The sixth line
contains a title for the file. The eighth line lists the number of
entries (loci), number of bases (or base pairs), and number of reports
of sequences in this release of GenBank. These numbers are
right-justified at fixed positions. The number of entries appears in
positions 1 to 7, the number of bases in positions 15 to 22, and the
number of reports in positions 36 to 40. (There are more reports of
sequences than entries since reported sequences that overlap or
duplicate each other are combined into single entries.) The third,
fifth, seventh, and ninth lines are blank.

1       10        20        30        40        50        60        70       79
---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------

GBACC.IDX          Genetic Sequence Data Bank
                         15 June 1990

                     GenBank(R) Release 64.0

                     Accession Number Index

  35100 loci, 42495893 bases, from 43028 reported sequences

---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------
1       10        20        30        40        50        60        70       79

Example 1. Sample File Header

3.2  Directory Files

3.2.1  Short Directory File

The short directory file contains brief descriptions of all of the
sequence entries contained in this release.  These descriptions are in
thirteen groups, one group for each of the thirteen sequence entry
data files. The first record at the beginning of a group of entries
contains the name of the group in uppercase characters, beginning in
position 21. The organism groups are PRIMATE, RODENT, OTHER MAMMAL,
OTHER VERTEBRATE, INVERTEBRATE, PLANT, ORGANELLE, BACTERIAL,
STRUCTURAL RNA, VIRAL, PHAGE, SYNTHETIC, or UNANNOTATED. The second
record is blank.

Each record in the short directory contains the sequence entry name
(LOCUS) in the first 12 positions, followed by a brief definition of
the sequence beginning in column 13. The definition is truncated (at
the end of a word) to leave room at the right margin for at least one
space, the sequence length, and the letters 'bp'.  The length of the
sequence is printed right- justified to column 77, followed by the
letters 'bp' in columns 78 and 79. The next-to-last record for a group
has 'ZZZZZZZZZZ' in its first ten positions (where the entry name
would normally appear). The last record is a blank line.  An example
of the short directory file format, showing the descriptions of the
last entries in the Other Vertebrate sequence data file and the first
entries of the Invertebrate sequence data file, is reproduced below:

1       10        20        30        40        50        60        70       79
---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------

ZEFHOX21    Zebrafish Hox-2.1 gene homologue (ZF-21).                     291bp
ZEFRZF21    Zebrafish mRNA for homeotic protein ZF-21.                   2073bp
ZEFZF54     Zebrafish homeotic gene ZF-54.                                246bp
ZEFZFEN     Zebrafish engrailed-like homeobox sequence.                   327bp
ZZZZZZZZZZ

                    INVERTEBRATE

ACAACTI     Amoeba (A. castellanii) actin gene-i.                        1571bp
ACAMHCA     A.castellanii non-muscle myosin heavy chain gene, partial    5894bp
ACAMYHCIB   Myosin IB heavy chain gene, complete cds.                    6504bp
ACAMYOIHC   A.castellanii myosin I heavy chain (MIL) gene, complete cds. 5705bp

---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------
1       10        20        30        40        50        60        70       79

Example 2. Short Directory File

3.2.2  New and Updated Entry File

The directory of new and updated entries is a list of those entries
that have been newly added or that have undergone substantive revision
in this release. These entries are listed in the same order in which
they appear in the actual data files; they are divided into thirteen
groups, one group for each of the thirteen sequence entry data files.
The first record at the beginning of a group of entries designates
that group, beginning in position 21. The second record is blank and
the third record has asterisks in its first ten positions. Within each
group, the entries are listed alphabetically. For each entry, the new
and updated entry file gives the information included under the LOCUS
and DEFINITION keywords in the same format in which they appear in the
actual sequence entry; these categories are described in section
3.5.2. After the last record of an entry comes a record containing
asterisks in its first ten positions. At the end of each group, a
dummy entry contains only a LOCUS line with the entry name
'ZZZZZZZZZZ'. Therefore, the next-to-last record has ten asterisks in
its first ten positions; the last record of the group is blank.

The following excerpt from the current release shows the last new or
revised entry from the Other Vertebrate sequence data file, followed
by the first new or revised entry from the Invertebrate sequence data
file:

1       10        20        30        40        50        60        70       79
---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------

********** 
LOCUS       XETUG6        977 bp ds-DNA             VRT       15-JUN-1990 
DEFINITION  X.tropicalis U6 uRNA gene. 
********** 
LOCUS       ZZZZZZZZZZ
********** 
                    INVERTEBRATE 
********** 
LOCUS       AMFHOMA       258 bp ds-DNA             INV       15-JUN-1990 
DEFINITION  Bee homeobox-containing gene, partial cds, clone H55.
********** 

---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------
1       10        20        30        40        50        60        70       79

Example 3. New and Updated Entry File

3.3  Index Files

There are five files containing indices to the entries in this release:

               - Accession number index file
               - Keyword phrase index file
               - Author name index file
               - Journal citation index file
               - Gene symbol index file

The accession numbers, keywords, authors, journals, or gene symbols
(the index keys) of an index are sorted alphabetically. (The index
keys for the keyword phrases and author names appear in uppercase
characters even though they appear in mixed case in the sequence
entries.) Under each index key, the names of the sequence entries
containing that index key are listed alphabetically. Each sequence
name is also followed by its data file division and primary accession
number. The following codes are used to designate the data file
divisions:

    1. PRI - primates
    2. ROD - rodents
    3. MAM - other mammals
    4. VRT - other vertebrates
    5. INV - invertebrates
    6. PLN - plants, fungi, and algae
    7. ORG - organelles
    8. BCT - bacteria
    9. RNA - structural RNAs
   10. VRL - viruses
   11. PHG - bacteriophage
   12. SYN - synthetic sequences
   13. UNA - unannotated sequences

The index key begins in column 1 of a record. An 11-character field
for the sequence entry name starts in position 14 of a record,
followed by a 3-character field for the data file division, starting
at position 25 and ending at position 27, and a 6-character field for
the primary accession number, starting at position 29 and ending at
position 34. All entries in the fields are left-justified.

Beginning at positions 36 and 58, the three fields repeat, so three
sets of sequence information can appear in one record.  If there are
more than three entry names, the next records are used; the index key
is not repeated. For the accession number and human gene symbol index
files, the entry names begin in the same record as the index key,
since the key is always less than 12 characters. In the other index
files, the entry names begin on the record following the index key
record.

3.3.1  Accession Number Index File

Accession numbers consist of a single letter followed by five digits. They
provide an unchanging designation for the data with which they are
associated, and we encourage you to cite accession numbers whenever you
refer to data from the data bank. The primary accession number is the
first accession number of an entry. It is unique to that entry. Citation
of that number will enable other investigators to locate the data no
matter what entry name changes or other data bank reorganizations may
occur. The accession numbers, however, carry no intrinsic information
about the data.

In addition to the primary accession number, some entries have
secondary accession numbers. Secondary accession numbers arise for a
number of reasons. For example, a single accession number may
initially be assigned to the sequence in an article. If it is later
discovered that the sequence must be entered into the data bank as
multiple entries, each entry would receive a new primary accession
number; the previous accession number would appear as the secondary
accession number in each entry.

The following excerpt from the accession number index file illustrates
the format of the index:


1       10        20        30        40        50        60        70       79
---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------

J00316       HUMTBB11P  PRI J00316
J00317       HUMTBB46P  PRI J00317
J00318       HUMUG1     PRI J00318
J00319       HUMUG1PA   PRI J00319
J00320       HUMVIPMR1  PRI L00154 HUMVIPMR2  PRI L00155 HUMVIPMR3  PRI L00156
             HUMVIPMR4  PRI L00157 HUMVIPMR5  PRI L00158
J00321       BABA1AT    PRI J00321
J00322       CHPRSA     PRI J00322
J00323       AGMRSASPC  PRI J00323
J00324       BABATIII   PRI J00324
---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------
1       10        20        30        40        50        60        70       79

Example 4. Accession Number Index File

If the same accession number is found in more than one entry (a result
of the infrequent occasions when a single entry is split into two or
more separate entries), then the additional entries and groups in
which the number appears are also given.

3.3.2  Keyword Phrase Index File

Keyword phrases consist of names for gene products and other
characteristics of sequence entries. There are approximately 10,170
keyword phrases. An excerpt from the keyword phrase index file is
shown below:


1       10        20        30        40        50        60        70       79
---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------

DNA HELICASE
             ECOHELIV   BCT J04726 ECOUVRD    BCT X00738
DNA INVERTASE
             ECOPIN     BCT K00676 ECOPINP    BCT K03521 PMUGINMOM  PHG V01463
DNA LIGASE
             ECOLIG     BCT M24278 ECOLIGA    BCT M30255 PT4G30     PHG X00039
             PT7CG      PHG J02518 YSCCDC9    PLN X03246 YSPCDC17   PLN X05107
DNA MATURATION
             HS1CAS     VRL M22962
DNA METHYLASE
             HEHMTS     BCT J02677
DNA METHYLATION
             HEHMTS     BCT J02677 HUMSPM1    PRI X06585 HUMSPM2    PRI X06586
             HUMSPM3    PRI X06587 HUMSPM4    PRI X06588 HUMSPM5    PRI X07490
             HUMSPM6    PRI X07491 HUMSPM7    PRI X07492 HUMSPM8    PRI X07493
             HUMSPM9    PRI X07494
DNA NUCLEOTIDYLEXOTRANSFERASE
             MUSTDTR    ROD X04123
DNA PACKAGING
             P29PRO     PHG X05973

---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------
1       10        20        30        40        50        60        70       79

Example 5. Keyword Phrase Index File


3.3.3  Author Name Index File

The author name index file lists all of the author names that appear
in the citations. An excerpt from the author name index file is shown
below:


1       10        20        30        40        50        60        70       79
---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------

LANDSMAN,D.
             CHKHMG14   VRT M20817 CHKHMG17   VRT Y00416 CHKHMG17A  VRT J03229
             HUMHMG14   PRI J02621 HUMHMG14A  PRI M21339 HUMHMG17   PRI M12623
             MUSHMG17   ROD X12944 X06353     UNA X06353 X06444     UNA X06444
             X13546     UNA X13546 X13929     UNA X13929 X13930     UNA X13930
LANDSMANN,J.
             LAMCG      PHG J02459 TRTHB      PLN Y00296
LANDY,A.
             ECOLAMATT  BCT J01638 ECOP80ATB  BCT M10892 ECOTGTUFB  BCT J01717
             ECOTGY1    BCT K01197 ECOTRY1    RNA K00266 ECOTRY2    RNA K00267
             ECOTRY3    RNA M10878 LAMCG      PHG J02459 LAMECOGAL  PHG M11151
             LAMPRCA    PHG M12458 LAMPRCB    PHG M12459 P22ATTP    PHG M10893
             P22INT     PHG X04052 P80ATTP    PHG M10891 STYP22ATB  BCT M10894

---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------
1       10        20        30        40        50        60        70       79

Example 6. Author Name Index File


3.3.4  Journal Citation Index File

The journal citation index file lists all of the citations that appear
in the references. All citations are truncated to 80 characters. An
excerpt from the citation index file is shown below:


1       10        20        30        40        50        60        70       79
---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------

(IN) THE CELL NUCLEUS, VOLUME VIII: 261-305; ACADEMIC PRESS, NEW YORK (1981).
             RATUR5A    RNA K00783
(IN) THE LENS: TRANSPARANCY AND CATARACT: 171-179; EURAGE, RIJSWIJK (1986)
             RANCRYG2A  VRT K02264 RANCRYG4A  VRT K02266 RANCRYG5A  VRT M22529
             RANCRYG6A  VRT M22530 RANCRYR    VRT X00659
(IN) VIRUS RESEARCH. PROCEEDINGS OF 1973 ICN-UCLA SYMPOSIUM: 533-544; ACADEMIC P
             LAMCG      PHG J02459
ABUSE RES. MONOGRAPH SER. 70, 43-65 (1986)
             M28263     UNA M28263
ACTA BIOCHIM. POL. 24, 301-318 (1977)
             LUPTRFJ    RNA K00345 LUPTRFN    RNA K00346

---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------
1       10        20        30        40        50        60        70       79

Example 7. Journal Citation Index File

3.3.5  Cross-Reference To Gene Symbol Libraries

The gene symbol file contains the gene symbols used in the Howard
Hughes Medical Institute Human Gene Mapping Library and other gene
symbols, such as those for the E. coli genes. The gene symbols are
found in the feature table and have the form: /gene="gene symbol"; an
example is found in section 3.5.11.5. An example of the format of the
gene symbol index file follows:


1       10        20        30        40        50        60        70       79
---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------

HP           HUMHPA1B   PRI K01763 HUMHPA1S   PRI X00637 HUMHPA2B   PRI N00026
             HUMHPA2BR  PRI X05209 HUMHPA2R   PRI M13908 HUMHPAB    PRI K00422
             HUMHPABA   PRI M13192 HUMHPABX   PRI M12387
HPR          HUMHPARS2  PRI K03431
HPRT         HUMHPRT1A  PRI M31642 HUMHPRTA   PRI M12452
HPX          HUMHXM     PRI X02537 HUMHXMA    PRI J03048
HRAS         HUMHRASA   PRI M19990
HRG          HUMBHRPA   PRI M18372 HUMHRGA    PRI M13149
HSDS         ECOHSDSK   BCT J01632
HSPA1L       HUMHSP70   PRI M11236 HUMHSP70A  PRI X04676 HUMHSP70B  PRI X04677
             HUMHSP70D  PRI M11717

---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------
1       10        20        30        40        50        60        70       79

Example 8. Gene Symbol Index File


3.4  GenBank Data Submission Form and Error/Suggestion Report Form

The ninth file on the distribution tape contains a data submission
form. Due to the large volume of new sequence data, we encourage
authors to complete this form and return it to the address listed on
the form. This will enable data to be entered more quickly into the
data bank.

You can complete the form with any text editor. You can send the
completed form to GenBank on tape or floppy diskette, or
electronically via INTERNET or BITNET (the electronic mail address is:
gb-sub%life@lanl.gov). We can use information saved on any computer
medium from any computer system. You can also print the form, fill it
in by hand, and send it to the mailing address given at the beginning
of the form.

The second form in this file is the GenBank Error/Suggestion Report
Form. It is separated from the Data Submission Form by a form-feed
character (<CTRL>L, ASCII octal value 014, ASCII decimal value 12).
We encourage all GenBank users to report any errors to the data bank
staff using this form. Like the GenBank Data Submission Form, it may
be printed and filled in by hand and sent by mail to the address given
at the beginning of the form. It may also be filled out using a text
editor and sent to GenBank by electronic mail at the address given at
the top of the form.

3.5  Sequence Entry Files

The distribution tape contains thirteen sequence entry data files, one
for each division of GenBank. Each file contains the entries for one
group of organisms.

3.5.1  File Organization

Each of these files has the same format and consists of two parts:
header information (described in section 3.1) and sequence entries for
that division (described in the following sections).

3.5.2  Entry Organization

In the second portion of a sequence entry file (containing the
sequence entries for that division), each record (line) consists of
two parts. The first part is found in positions 1 to 10 and may
contain:

1. A keyword, beginning in column 1 of the record (e.g., REFERENCE is
   a keyword).

2. A subkeyword beginning in column 3, with columns 1 and 2 blank
   (e.g., AUTHORS is a subkeyword of REFERENCE).

3. Blank characters, indicating that this record is a continuation of
   the information under the keyword or subkeyword above it.

4. A code, beginning in column 5, indicating the nature of an entry
   (feature key) in the FEATURES table; these codes are described in
   Section 3.5.11.1 below.

5. A number, ending in column 9 of the record. This number occurs in
   the portion of the entry describing the actual nucleotide sequence
   and designates the numbering of sequence positions.

6. Two slashes (//) in positions 1 and 2, marking the end of an entry.

The second part of each sequence entry record contains the information
appropriate to its keyword, in positions 13 to 80 for keywords and
positions 11 to 80 for the sequence.

The following is a brief description of each entry field. Detailed
information about each field may be found in Sections 3.5.4 to 3.5.13.

LOCUS       A short unique name for the entry, chosen to suggest the
            sequence's definition. Mandatory keyword/exactly one record.

DEFINITION  A concise description of the sequence. Mandatory
            keyword/one or more records.

ACCESSION   The primary accession number is a unique, unchanging code
            assigned to each entry.  (Please use this code when citing
            information from GenBank.) Mandatory keyword/one or more
            records.

KEYWORDS    Short phrases describing gene products and other 
            information about an entry. Mandatory keyword in all 
            annotated entries/one or more records.

SEGMENT     Information on the order in which this entry appears in a
            series of discontinuous sequences from the same molecule. 
            Optional keyword (only in segmented entries)/exactly one 
            record.

SOURCE      Common name of the organism or the name most frequently 
            used in the literature.  Mandatory keyword in all 
            annotated entries/one or more records/includes one 
            subkeyword.

   ORGANISM Formal scientific name of the organism (first line) and
            taxonomic classification levels (second and subsequent 
            lines).  Mandatory subkeyword in all annotated entries/two 
            or more records.

REFERENCE   Citations for all articles containing data reported in 
            this entry. Includes four subkeywords and may repeat. 
            Mandatory keyword/one or more records.

   AUTHORS  Lists the authors of the citation. Mandatory 
            subkeyword/one or more records.

   TITLE    Full title of citation. Optional subkeyword (present in 
            all but unpublished citations)/one or more records.

   JOURNAL  Lists the journal name, volume, year, and page numbers of
            the citation. Mandatory subkeyword/one or more records.

   STANDARD Lists information about the degree to which the entry has
            been annotated and the level of review to which it has 
            been subjected.  Mandatory subkeyword/exactly one record.

COMMENT     Cross-references to other sequence entries, comparisons to
            other collections, notes of changes in LOCUS names, and 
            other remarks.  Optional keyword/one or more records/may 
            include blank records.

FEATURES    Table containing information on portions of the sequence 
            that code for proteins and RNA molecules and information 
            on experimentally determined sites of biological 
            significance.  Optional keyword/one or more records.

BASE COUNT  Summary of the number of occurrences of each base code in
            the sequence. Mandatory keyword/ exactly one record.

ORIGIN      Specification of how the first base of the reported 
            sequence is operationally located within the genome. Where 
            possible, this includes its location within a larger genetic 
            map.  Mandatory keyword/ exactly one record.

The ORIGIN line is followed by sequence data (multiple records).

//          Entry termination symbol.  Mandatory at the end of an 
            entry/exactly one record.


3.5.3  Sample Sequence Data File

An example of a complete sequence entry file follows. (This example
has only two entries.) Note that in this example, as throughout the
data bank, numbers in square brackets indicate items in the REFERENCE
list. For example, in ACARR58S, [1] refers to the paper by Mackay, et
al.


1       10        20        30        40        50        60        70       79
---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------

GBSMP.SEQ          Genetic Sequence Data Bank
                         15 June 1990

                     GenBank(R) Release 64.0

                    Structural Rna Sequences

      2 loci,      280 bases, from     2 reported sequences

LOCUS       AAURRA        118 bp ss-rRNA            RNA       16-JUN-1986
DEFINITION  A.auricula-judae (mushroom) 5S ribosomal RNA.
ACCESSION   K03160
KEYWORDS    5S ribosomal RNA; ribosomal RNA.
SOURCE      A.auricula-judae (mushroom) ribosomal RNA.
  ORGANISM  Auricularia auricula-judae
            Eukaryota; Plantae; Thallobionta; Basidiomycotina;
            Phragmobasidiomycetes; Heterobasidiomycetidae; Eutremellales;
            Auriculariaceae; Auricularia; auricula-judae.
REFERENCE   1 (bases 1 to 118)
  AUTHORS   Huysmans,E., Dams,E., Vandenberghe,A. and De Wachter,R.
  TITLE     The nucleotide sequences of the 5S rRNAs of four mushrooms and
            their use in studying the phylogenetic position of basidiomycetes
            among the eukaryotes
  JOURNAL   Nucleic Acids Res. 11, 2871-2880 (1983)
  STANDARD  full staff_review
FEATURES             Location/Qualifiers
     rRNA            1..118
                     /note="5S ribosomal RNA"
BASE COUNT       27 a     34 c     34 g     23 t
ORIGIN      5' end of mature rRNA.
        1 atccacggcc ataggactct gaaagcactg catcccgtcc gatctgcaaa gttaaccaga
       61 gtaccgccca gttagtacca cggtggggga ccacgcggga atcctgggtg ctgtggtt
//
LOCUS       ACARR58S      162 bp ss-rRNA            RNA       15-MAR-1989
DEFINITION  A.castellanii (amoeba) 5.8S ribosomal RNA.
ACCESSION   K00471
KEYWORDS    5.8S ribosomal RNA; ribosomal RNA.
SOURCE      A.castellani (amoeba; strain ATCC 30010) rRNA.
  ORGANISM  Acanthamoeba castellanii
            Eukaryota; Animalia; Protozoa; Sarcomastigophora; Sarcodina;
            Rhizopoda; Lobosa; Gymnamoeba; Amoebida; Acanthopodina;
            Acanthamoebidae; Acanthamoeba; castellanii.
REFERENCE   1 (bases 1 to 162)
  AUTHORS   Mackay,R.M. and Doolittle,W.F.
  TITLE     Nucleotide sequences of AcanthamoebA.castellanii 5S and 5.8S
            ribosomal ribonucleic acids: Phylogenetic and comparative
            structural analyses
  JOURNAL   Nucleic Acids Res. 9, 3321-3334 (1981)
  STANDARD  simple staff_review
COMMENT     [1] also sequenced A.castellanii 5S rRNA <K03160>.
FEATURES             Location/Qualifiers
     rRNA            1..162
                     /note="5.8S rRNA"
BASE COUNT       40 a     39 c     44 g     39 t
ORIGIN       5' end of mature rRNA.
        1 aactcctaac aacggatatc ttggttctcg cgaggatgaa gaacgcagcg aaatgcgata
       61 cgtagtgtga atcgcaggga tcagtgaatc atcgaatctt tgaacgcaag ttgcgctctc
      121 gtggtttaac cccccgggag cacgttcgct tgagtgccgc tt
//

---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------
1       10        20        30        40        50        60        70       79

Example 9. Sample Sequence Data File


3.5.4  LOCUS Format

The pieces of information contained in the LOCUS record are always
found in fixed positions. The locus name (or entry name), which is
always ten characters or less, begins in position 13. The locus name
is designed to help group entries with similar sequences: the first
three characters usually designate the organism; the fourth and fifth
characters can be used to show other group designations, such as gene
product; for segmented entries the last character is one of a series
of sequential integers.

The number of bases or base pairs in the sequence ends in position 29.
The letters 'bp' are in positions 31 to 32. Positions 34 to 36 give
the number of strands of the sequence. Positions 37 to 40 give the
topology of molecule sequenced. If the sequence is of a special type,
a notation (such as 'circular' or 'tandem') is included in positions
43 to 52.

GenBank sequence entries are divided among thirteen taxonomic
divisions. Each entry's division is identified by a three- letter code
in positions 53 to 55. See Section 3.3 for the division codes.

Positions 63 to 73 of the record contain the date the entry was
entered or underwent any substantial revisions, such as the addition
of newly published data, in the form dd-MMM-yyyy.

The detailed format for the LOCUS record is as follows:

Positions   Contents

 1-12       LOCUS
13-22       Locus name
23-29	    Length of sequence, right-justified
31-32	    bp
34-36       Blank, ss- (single-stranded), ds- (double-stranded), 
            or ms- (mixed-stranded)
37-40       Blank, DNA, RNA, tRNA (transfer RNA), rRNA (ribosomal RNA), 
            mRNA (messenger	RNA), or uRNA (small nuclear RNA)
43-52       Blank (implies linear), circular, or tandem
53-55       The division code (see Section 3.3)
63-73       Date, in the form dd-MMM-yyyy (e.g., 15-JUN-1989)

3.5.5  DEFINITION Format

The DEFINITION record gives a brief description of the sequence,
proceeding from general to specific.  It starts with the common name
of the source organism, then gives the criteria by which this sequence
is distinguished from the remainder of the source genome, such as the
gene name and what it codes for, or the protein name and mRNA, or some
description of the sequence's function (if the sequence is
non-coding).  If the sequence has a coding region, the description may
be followed by a completeness qualifier, such as cds (complete coding
sequence).  The length is limited to three lines and the last line
must end with a period.

3.5.6  ACCESSION Format

This field contains a series of six-character identifiers (accession
numbers: first character a letter, the remainder digits).  The primary
(first) accession number occupies positions 13 to 18; subsequent
accession numbers occupy positions 20 to 25, 27 to 32, 34 to 39, 41 to
46, 48 to 53, 55 to 60, 62 to 67, and 69 to 74.  No punctuation occurs
between accession numbers or after the final accession number;
accession numbers are separated only by one space.

3.5.7  KEYWORDS Format

The KEYWORDS field does not appear in unannotated entries, but is
required in all annotated entries. Keywords are separated by
semicolons; a keyword may be a single word or a phrase consisting of
several words. Each line in the keywords field ends in a semicolon;
the last line ends with a period. If no keywords are included in the
entry, the KEYWORDS record contains only a period.

3.5.8  SEGMENT Format

The SEGMENT keyword is used when two (or more) entries of known
relative orientation are separated by a short (<10 kb) stretch of DNA.
It is limited to one line of the form 'n of m', where 'n' is the
segment number of the current entry and 'm' is the total number of
segments.

3.5.9  SOURCE Format

The SOURCE field consists of two parts. The first part is found after
the SOURCE keyword and contains free-format information including an
abbreviated form of the organism name followed by a molecule type;
multiple lines are allowed, but the last line must end with a period.
The second part consists of information found after the ORGANISM
subkeyword.  The formal scientific name for the source organism (genus
and species, where appropriate) is found on the same line as ORGANISM.
The records following the ORGANISM line list the taxonomic
classification levels, separated by semicolons and ending with a
period.

3.5.10  REFERENCE Format

The REFERENCE field consists of five parts: the keyword REFERENCE, and
the subkeywords AUTHORS, TITLE (optional), JOURNAL and STANDARD.

The REFERENCE line contains the number of the particular reference and
(in parentheses) the range of bases in the sequence entry reported in
this citation. Additional prose notes may also be found within the
parentheses. The numbering of the references does not reflect
publication dates or priorities.

The AUTHORS line lists the authors in the order in which they appear
in the cited article. Last names are separated from initials by a
comma (no space); there is no comma before the final 'and'. The list
of authors ends with a period.

The TITLE line is an optional field, although it appears in the
majority of entries. It does not appear in unpublished sequence data
entries that have been deposited directly into the GenBank data bank,
the EMBL Nucleotide Sequence Data Library, or the DNA Data Bank of
Japan. The TITLE field does not end with a period.

The JOURNAL line gives the appropriate literature citation for the
sequence in the entry. The word 'Unpublished' will appear after the
JOURNAL subkeyword if the data did not appear in the scientific
literature, but was directly deposited into the data bank. For
published sequences the JOURNAL line gives the Thesis, Journal, or
Book citation, including the year of publication, the specific
citation, or In press.

The STANDARD line contains information about:

   The degree to which the entry has been annotated:

       'unannotated'   for unannotated entries which include 
                       citation and sequence only

       'simple'        for unannotated entries which include 
                       the organism name and  protein coding 
                       regions as well as the citation and 
                       sequence
 
       'full'          for fully annotated entries which include 
                       all the data items that were described by 
                       the author

   The level of modification and review: 

        'automatic'    for data subjected only to automated (i.e.,
                       software) checks

        'staff_entry'  for data that passed both automated and
                       annotator checks

        'staff_review' for data that passed previous review levels as
                       well as a review by senior annotators and/or 
                       outside experts

The format for the STANDARD line is: annotation degree <SPACE> review
level


3.5.11  FEATURES Format

With this release, GenBank introduces the new feature table format.
This format has been designed jointly by GenBank, the EMBL Nucleotide
Sequence Data Library, and the DNA Data Bank of Japan, and will be
common to all three data banks.

The feature table contains information about genes and gene products,
as well as regions of biological significance reported in the
sequence. The feature table contains information on regions of the
sequence that code for proteins and RNA molecules. It also enumerates
differences between different reports of the same sequence, and
provides cross-references to other data collections, as described in
more detail below.

The first line of the feature table is a header that includes the
keyword 'FEATURES' and the column header 'Location/ Qualifier.' Each
feature consists of a descriptor line containing a feature key and a
location (see sections below for details).  If the location does not
fit on this line, a continuation line may follow. If further
information about the sequence is required, one or more lines
containing feature qualifiers may follow the descriptor line.

The feature key begins in column 6 and may be no more than 15
characters in length. The location begins in column 22.  Feature
qualifiers begin on subsequent lines at column 22. Location,
qualifier, and continuation lines may extend from column 22 to 80.

Feature tables are optional. However, a feature table must include one
header line and at least one feature descriptor line.

The sections below provide a brief introduction to the new feature
table format. For a thorough description of the new feature table
format, see the document 'The DDBJ/EMBL/GenBank Feature Table:
Definition.' If you would like a copy of this publication, contact
GenBank at the address shown on the front page of these release notes.

3.5.11.1  Feature Key Names

The first column of the feature descriptor line contains the feature
key. It starts at column 6 and can continue to column 20. The list of
valid feature keys is shown below.

allele           Related strain contains alternative gene form
attenuator       Sequence related to transcription termination
CAAT_signal      'CAAT box' in eukaryotic promoters 
CDS              Sequence coding for amino acids in protein 
                 (includes stop codon)
cellular         Region of cellular DNA 
conflict         Independent determinations differ 
D-loop           Displacement loop 
enhancer         Cis-acting enhancer of promoter function 
exon             Region that codes for part of spliced mRNA 
GC_signal        'GC box' in eukaryotic promoters 
iDNA             Intervening DNA eliminated by recombination
insertion_seq    Insertion sequence (IS), a small transposon
intron           Transcribed region excised by mRNA splicing 
LTR              Long terminal repeat
mat_peptide      Mature peptide coding region (does not include 
                 stop codon)
misc_binding     Miscellaneous binding site
misc_difference  Miscellaneous difference feature 
misc_feature     Region of biological significance that cannot be
                 described by any other feature 
misc_recomb      Miscellaneous recombination feature
misc_RNA         Miscellaneous transcript feature not defined by other
                 RNA keys 
misc_signal	 Miscellaneous signal
misc_structure	 Miscellaneous DNA or RNA structure
modified_base	 The indicated base is a modified nucleotide
mRNA	         Messenger RNA 
mutation         A mutation alters the sequence here
old_sequence	 Presented sequence revises a previous version
polyA_signal	 Signal for cleavage & polyadenylation
polyA_site	 Site at which polyadenine is added to mRNA
precursor_RNA	 Any RNA species that is not yet the mature RNA product
prim_transcript	 Primary (unprocessed) transcript
primer_bind	 Non-covalent primer binding site 
promoter         A region involved in transcription initiation
protein_bind	 Non-covalent protein binding site on DNA or RNA
provirus	 Proviral sequence RBS	Ribosome binding site
rep_origin	 Replication origin for duplex DNA
repeat_region	 Sequence containing repeated subsequences
repeat_unit	 One repeated unit of a repeat_region
rRNA             Ribosomal RNA 
satellite        Satellite repeated sequence
scRNA            Small cytoplasmic RNA 
sig_peptide      Signal peptide coding
region snRNA     Small nuclear RNA 
stem_loop	 Hair-pin loop structure in DNA or RNA 
TATA_signal      'TATA box' in eukaryotic promoters 
terminator       Sequence causing transcription termination
transit_peptide  Transit peptide coding region
transposon       Transposable element (TN) 
tRNA             Transfer RNA
unsure           Authors are unsure about the sequence in this region 
variation        A related population contains stable mutation 
virion           Virion (encapsidated) viral sequence 
- (hyphen)       Placeholder
-10_signal       'Pribnow box' in prokaryotic promoters
-35_signal       '-35 box' in prokaryotic promoters
3'clip           3'-most region of a precursor transcript removed 
                 in processing
3'UTR            3' untranslated region (trailer)
5'clip           5'-most region of a precursor transcript removed 
                 in processing
5'UTR            5' untranslated region (leader)


3.5.11.2  Feature Location

The second column of the feature descriptor line designates the
location of the feature in the sequence. The location descriptor
begins at position 22. Several conventions are used to indicate
sequence location.

Base numbers in location descriptors refer to numbering in the entry,
which is not necessarily the same as the numbering scheme used in the
published report. The first base in the presented sequence is numbered
base 1. Sequences are presented in the 5' to 3' direction.

Location descriptors can be one of the following:

1. A single base;
2. A contiguous span of bases;
3. A site between two bases;
4. A single base chosen from a range of bases;
5. A single base chosen from among two or more specified bases;
6. A joining of sequence spans;
7. A reference to an entry other than the one to which the feature
   belongs (i.e., a remote entry), followed by a location descriptor
   referring to the remote sequence; 8. A literal sequence (a string 
   of bases enclosed in quotation marks).

A site between two residues, such as an endonuclease cleavage site, is
indicated by listing the two bases separated by a carat (e.g., 23^24).

A single residue chosen from a range of residues is indicated by the
number of the first and last bases in the range separated by a single
period (e.g., 23.79). The symbols < and > indicate that the end point
of the range is beyond the specified base number.

A contiguous span of bases is indicated by the number of the first and
last bases in the range separated by two periods (e.g., 23..79). The
symbols < and > indicate that the end point of the range is beyond the
specified base number. Starting and ending positions can be indicated
by base number or by one of the operators described below.

Operators are prefixes that specify what must be done to the indicated
sequence to locate the feature. The following are the operators
available, along with their most common format and a description.

complement (location): The feature is complementary to the location
indicated. Complementary strands are read 5' to 3'.

join (location, location, .. location): The indicated elements should
be placed end to end to form one contiguous sequence.

order (location, location, .. location): The elements are found in the
specified order in the 5' to 3' direction, but nothing is implied
about the rationality of joining them.

group (location, location, .. location): The elements are related and
should be grouped together, but no order is implied.

one-of (location, location, .. location): The element can be any one,
but only one, of the items listed.

replace (location, location): The first location indicated should be
replaced by the sequence from the second location; used for
insertions, deletions, and variants.

3.5.11.3  Feature Qualifiers

Qualifiers provide additional information about features. They take
the form of a slash (/) followed by a qualifier name and, if
applicable, an equal sign (=) and a qualifier value. Feature
qualifiers begin at column 22.

Qualifiers convey many types of information. Their values can,
therefore, take several forms:

1. Free text;
2. Controlled vocabulary or enumerated values;
3. Citations or reference numbers;
4. Sequences;
5. Feature labels.

Text qualifier values must be enclosed in double quotation marks. The
text can consist of any printable characters (ASCII values 32-126
decimal). If the text string includes double quotation marks, each set
must be 'escaped' by placing a double quotation mark in front of it
(e.g., /note="This is an example of ""escaped"" quotation marks").

Some qualifiers require values selected from a limited set of choices.
For example, the '/direction' qualifier has only three values 'left,'
'right,' or 'both.' These are called controlled vocabulary qualifier
values. Controlled qualifier values are not case sensitive; they can
be entered in any combination of upper- and lowercase without changing
their meaning.

Citation or published reference numbers for the entry should be
enclosed in square brackets ([]) to distinguish them from other
numbers. Multiple citations are separated by commas (e.g.,
[1],[2],[3]).

A literal sequence of bases (e.g., "atgcatt") should be enclosed in
quotation marks. Literal sequences are distinguished from free text by
context. Qualifiers that take free text as their values do not take
literal sequences, and vice versa.

The '/label=' qualifier takes a feature label as its qualifier.
Although feature labels are optional, they allow unambiguous
references to the feature. The feature label identifies a feature
within an entry; when combined with the accession number and the name
of the data bank from which it came, it is a unique tag for that
feature. Feature labels must be unique within an entry, but can be the
same as a feature label in another entry. Feature labels are not case
sensitive; they can be entered in any combination of upper-and
lowercase without changing their meaning.

The following is a list of valid feature qualifiers.

/anticodon      Location of the anticodon of tRNA and the amino acid 
                for which it codes
/bound_moiety   Moiety bound
/citation       Reference to a citation providing the claim of or 
                evidence for a feature
/codon          Specifies a codon that is different from any found in 
                the reference genetic code
/codon_start    Indicates the reading frame of a protein coding region
/cons_splice    Identifies intron splice sites that do not conform to 
                the 5'-GT ... AG-3' splice site consensus
/direction      Direction of DNA replication
/EC_number      Enzyme Commission number for the enzyme product of 
                the sequence
/evidence       Value indicating the nature of supporting evidence
/frequency      Frequency of the occurrence of a feature
/function       Function attributed to a sequence
/gene           Symbol of the gene corrresponding to a sequence region
/label          A label used to permanently identify a feature
/mod_base       Abbreviation for a modified nucleotide base
/note           Any comment or additional information
/number         A number indicating the order of genetic elements 
                (e.g., exons or introns) in the 5' to 3' direction
/organism       Name of organism if different from that contained in 
                the entry's ORGANISM  field
/partial        Differentiates between complete regions and partial ones
/phenotype      Phenotype conferred by the feature
/product        Name of a product encoded by the sequence
/pseudo         Indicates that this feature is a non-functional version 
                of the element named by the feature key
/rpt_family     Type of repeated sequence; 'Alu' or 'Kpn,' for example
/rpt_type       Organization of repeated sequence
/rpt unit	Identity of repeat unit that constitutes a repeat_region
/standard_name  Accepted standard name for this feature
/transl_except  Translational exception: single codon, the translation 
                of which does not conform to the reference genetic code
/type           Name of a strain if different from that in the 
                SOURCE field
/usedin         Indicates that feature is used in a compound feature 
                in another entry


3.5.11.4  Cross-Reference Information

One type of information in the feature table lists cross-references to
the annual compilation of transfer RNA sequences in Nucleic Acids
Research, which has kindly been sent to us on tape by Dr. Sprinzl.
Each tRNA entry of the feature table contains a /note= qualifier that
includes a reference such as '(NAR: 1234)' to identify code 1234 in
the NAR compilation.  When such a cross-reference appears in an entry
that contains a gene coding for a transfer RNA molecule, it refers to
the code in the tRNA gene compilation. Similar cross-references in
entries containing mature transfer RNA sequences refer to the
companion compilation of tRNA sequences published by D.H. Gauss and M.
Sprinzl in Nucleic Acids Research.  See section 3.5.11.6 for an
example.

The feature tables of human entries contain cross-references to the
HHMI Human Gene Mapping Library (HGML) data bank in New Haven,
Connecticut as well as other collections of gene symbols. HGML
includes information on mapped genes, probes, and restriction fragment
length polymorphisms. Each entry in that data bank contains the
official Human Gene Map Workshop symbol for the gene or locus. HGML
assigns each gene a unique identifier that remains associated with
that gene, regardless of changes in gene names. In entries that
contain sequences for mapped genes a /note= qualifier includes this
identifier placed within single quotes following the term
'/hgml_locus_uid='. The /note= qualifier also includes the map
location in single quotes following the term '/map='. The gene symbol
formerly designated '/nomgen=' is contained in the /gene qualifier.
See section 3.5.11.6 for an example.

For more information about the HHMI Human Gene Mapping Library, you
can send electronic mail to GENELIB@YALEVM.BITNET or
GENESIC@YALEVM.BITNET or contact:

     	Iva H. Cohen
     	Human Gene Mapping Library
     	25 Science Park
     	New Haven, CT 06511
        Telephone:  (203) 786-5515

3.5.11.5  Feature Table Examples

In the first example a number of key names, feature locations, and
qualifiers are illustrated, taken from different sequences.  The first
table entry is a coding region consisting of a simple span of bases
and including a /gene qualifier.  In the second table entry, an NAR
cross-reference is given. The third and fourth table entries use the
symbols '<' and '>' to indicate that the beginning or end of the
feature is beyond the range of the presented sequence. In the fifth
table entry, the symbol '^' indicates that the feature is between
bases. In the sixth table entry, the replace operator is shown.


1       10        20        30        40        50        60        70       79
---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------

     CDS             5..1261
                     /note="alpha-1-antitrypsin precursor /map='14q32.1'
                     /hgml_locus_uid='LX0081X'"
                     /gene="PI"

     tRNA            1..87
                     /note="Leu-tRNA-CAA (NAR: 1057)"
                     /anticodon=(pos:35..37,aa:Leu)

     mRNA            1..>66
                     /note="alpha-1-acid glycoprotein mRNA"

     transposon      <1..267
                     /note="insertion element IS5"

     misc_recomb     105^106
                     /note="B.subtilis DNA end/IS5 DNA start"

     conflict        replace(258..258,"t")
                     /citation=[2]

---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------
1       10        20        30        40        50        60        70       79

Example 10. Feature Table Entries


The next example shows the representation for a CDS that spans more than
one entry.


1       10        20        30        40        50        60        70       79
---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------

LOCUS       HUMAPOB1      840 bp ds-DNA             PRI       15-JUN-1989
DEFINITION  Human apolipoprotein B-100 gene, exons 1 and 2.
ACCESSION   M15053
KEYWORDS    apolipoprotein B-100.
SEGMENT     1 of 2
  .
  .
  .
FEATURES             Location/Qualifiers
     sig_peptide     283..354
                     /note="apolipoprotein B-100 signal peptide"
     precursor_RNA   155..>840
                     /note="apoB100 mRNA"
     intron          356..669
                     /note="apoB100 intron A"
     intron          709..>840
                     /note="apoB100 intron B"
  .
  .
  .
//
LOCUS       HUMAPOB2    13872 bp ss-mRNA            PRI       15-JUN-1989
DEFINITION  Human apolipoprotein B-100 mRNA, starting at exon 3.
ACCESSION   M15051 M15054
KEYWORDS    apolipoprotein B-100.
SEGMENT     2 of 2
   .
  .
  .
FEATURES             Location/Qualifiers
     precursor_RNA   <1..13872
                     /note="apoB100 mRNA"
     variation       3204
                     /note="g in lambda-B25; c in lambda B1"
     CDS             join(M15053:283..355,M15053:670..708,
                     1..13571)
                     /note="apolipoprotein B-100 precursor"
     mat_peptide     join(M15053:355..355,M15053:670..708,
                     1..13568)
                     /note="apolipoprotein B-100"
  .
  .
  .
//
---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------
1       10        20        30        40        50        60        70       79

Example 11. Joining Sequences


3.5.12  ORIGIN Format

The ORIGIN record may be left blank, may appear as 'Unreported.' or
may give a local pointer to the sequence start, usually involving an
experimentally determined restriction cleavage site or the genetic
locus (if available).  The ORIGIN record ends in a period if it
contains data, but does not include the period if the record is left
empty (in contrast to the KEYWORDS field which contains a period
rather than being left blank).

3.5.13  SEQUENCE Format

The nucleotide sequence for an entry is found in the records following
the ORIGIN record. The sequence is reported in the 3' to 5' direction.
There are sixty bases per record, listed in groups of ten bases
followed by a blank, starting at position 11 of each record. The
number of the first nucleotide in the record is given in columns 4 to
9 (right justified) of the record.

4  FUTURE RELEASES

4.1  Changes Planned for Release 65.0

No changes are planned for Release 65.0.

5 GENBANK ADMINISTRATION 

IntelliGenetics Inc., a developer and distributor of molecular biology
computer programs, is the primary contractor for the GenBank data
bank. IntelliGenetics maintains the computerized data center and
oversees data distribution on all media.  Under an arrangement with
IntelliGenetics, Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) gathers,
annotates, and organizes sequence data and transmits it to
IntelliGenetics. LANL is operated by the University of California for
the Department of Energy.

The electronic mail address of LANL is GENBANK@LANL.GOV; their
telephone number is (505) 665-2177. The IntelliGenetics address is on
the front page of these release notes.

5.1  Registered Trademark Notice

GenBank (R) is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Health
and Human Services for the Genetic Sequence Data Bank operated by
IntelliGenetics and Los Alamos National Laboratory under contract with
the National Institutes of Health.

5.2  GenBank Sponsorship

GenBank is sponsored by the National Institute of General Medical
Sciences, NIH; The National Library of Medicine, NIH; and the U.S.
Department of Energy.

5.3  Citing GenBank

If you have used GenBank in your research, we would appreciate it if
you would include a reference to GenBank in all publications related
to that research. You may also wish to note that the GenBank data bank
is publicly available from IntelliGenetics.

When citing data in GenBank, it is appropriate to give the sequence
name, primary accession number, and the publication in which the
sequence first appeared. If the data are unpublished, we urge you to
contact the group which submitted the data to GenBank to see if there
is a recent publication or if they have determined any revisions or
extensions of the data.

It is also appropriate to list a reference for GenBank itself. The
following publication, which describes the GenBank data bank, should
be cited:

	Bilofsky, H.S. and Burks, C.  The GenBank (R) Genetic Sequence
        Data Bank. Nucl. Acids Res. 16: 1861-1864 (1988)

The following statement is an example of how you may cite GenBank
data. It cites the sequence, its primary accession number, the group
who determined the sequence, and GenBank. The numbers in brackets
refer to one of the GenBank citations above and the REFERENCE in the
GenBank sequence entry.

'We scanned the GenBank (1) data bank for sequence similarities and
found one sequence (2), GenBank accession number J01016, which showed
significant similarity. . .'

(1) Bilofsky, H.S. and Burks, C. Nucl. Acids Res. 16: 1861-1864 (1988)
(2) Nellen, W. and Gallwitz, D.  J. Mol. Biol. 159, 1-18 (1982)

5.4  GenBank Distribution Formats and Media

The GenBank data bank is available in three formats on three physical
media. The three formats are fixed-length 80- character records,
VAX/VMS Backup saveset, and compressed Unix tar archive format. The
three media are industry- standard 9-track magnetic tapes, Sun 1/4"
QIC 24 format cartridges, and TK-50 cartridges. The following chart
specifies which formats are available in each medium.

To request a change in the format, media, or density of the tapes you
receive, write to the address (or call the telephone number) on the
first page of these release notes.

                            FILE FORMATS

TAPE MEDIA
                       Unlabelled ASCII        VAX/VMS         Unix
                       (fixed-length records)  Backup Saveset  tar tarfile

9-track, 2400' reel

     1600 bpi           	MU                 M               M

     6250 bpi                   MU                 M               M

TK-50 cartridge (DEC)           NA                 M               NA

1/4" QIC 24 cartridge (Sun)     NA                 NA              M

  MU	tapes are available in both mixed-case and uppercase-only formats
  M	tapes are available only in mixed-case characters
  NA	not available

Table 1. Tape Media and Formats


5.5  Request for Direct Submission of Sequence Data

The growth of nucleotide sequence data is close to exponential. Both
the proposed Human Genome sequencing project and the increasing
automation of sequencing make it clear that GenBank is going to
continue to grow rapidly. The data bank may contain anywhere from
seven-fold to sixty-fold more nucleotides in 1995 than it did in 1985.

A successful GenBank requires that the data enter the data bank as
soon as possible after publication, that the annotations be as
complete as possible, and that the sequence and annotation data be
accurate. All three of these requirements are best met if authors of
sequence data submit their data directly to GenBank in a usable form.
It is especially important that these submissions be in
computer-readable form.

GenBank must rely on direct author submission of data to ensure that
it achieves its goals of complete, accurate, and timely data. For many
years, GenBank has had a printed data submission form. This form is
now standardized among EMBL, DDBJ, GenBank, PIR, MIPS, and JIPID.
GenBank also provides a corresponding computer-readable data
submission form that can be used for electronic mail and floppy disk
submissions. Please use the GenBank Data Submission Form (located in
the file GBDAT.FRM) to submit your sequence and annotations.
Electronic mail submissions should go to the address
"GB-SUB%LIFE@LANL.GOV"; direct mail should go to our postal address in
Los Alamos, which is on the data submission form.

To assist researchers in entering their own sequence data, GenBank has
developed AUTHORIN, an easy-to-use program that enables authors to
enter a sequence, annotate it, and submit it to GenBank or any of the
other data banks. The IBM PC compatible version of AUTHORIN may be
obtained by completing the enclosed AUTHORIN request card or by
contacting GenBank at the address shown on the front of these release
notes. Versions for the Macintosh, VAX, and Sun workstations are also
planned and will be announced in future release notes as they become
available.

5.6  Request for Corrections and Comments

We welcome your suggestions for improvements to GenBank. We are
especially interested to learn of errors or inconsistencies in the
data. Please use the GenBank Error/Suggestion Report Form, which is
part of this distribution of GenBank (located in the file GBDAT.FRM),
to send your suggestions and corrections to the address on the first
page of these release notes. Please be certain to indicate the GenBank
release number (e.g., Release 64.0) and the primary accession number
of the entry to which your comments apply; it is helpful if you also
give the entry name and the current contents of any data field for
which you are recommending a change.

5.7  Disclaimer

IntelliGenetics Inc., Los Alamos National Laboratory, and the United
States Government make no representations or warranties regarding the
content or accuracy of the information.  IntelliGenetics Inc., Los
Alamos National Laboratory, and the United States Government also make
no representations or warranties of merchantibility or fitness for a
particular purpose and accept no responsibility for any consequences
of the receipt or use of the information.


AFPPENDIX A. Statistical Summary

Division             Entries      Bases    Reports

PRIMATE                 6401     7718869     8030
RODENT                  6346     6391473     7595
OTHER MAMMALIAN         1300     1588171     1502
OTHER VERTEBRATE        1573     1797660     1881
INVERTEBRATE            2648     3313426     3146
PLANT                   2443     3697029     2953
ORGANELLE               1110     1594294     1368
BACTERIAL               3508     5669333     4502
STRUCTURAL RNA          1374      357521     1646
VIRAL                   3216     5363016     4175
PHAGE                    509      608720      781
SYNTHETIC                927      367496     1011
UNANNOTATED             3745     4028885     4438
Total (13 divisions)   35100    42495893    43028



Sequences with greater than 30,000 bp

Locus          Div Accession   Length

ADBCG          VRL  J01917     35937bp
CHKMYHE        VRT  J02714     31111bp
HS11UL         VRL  D00317    108360bp
HS4            VRL  V01555    172282bp
HS5HCMVU       VRL  X04650     43275bp
HUMADAG        PRI  M13792     36741bp
HUMFIXG        PRI  K02402     38059bp
HUMGHCSA       PRI  J03071     66495bp
HUMHBB         PRI  J00179     73326bp
HUMHPRTB       PRI  M26434     56736bp
HUMTPA         PRI  K03021     36594bp
LAMCG          PHG  J02459     48502bp
MPOCPCG        ORG  X04465    121024bp
PT7CG          PHG  J02518     39936bp
RABBGLOB       MAM  M18818     44594bp
RATCRYG        ROD  M19359     54670bp
TOBCPCG        ORG  Z00044    155844bp
VAZCG          VRL  X04370    124884bp



APPENDIX B. Entries with a change in locus name

 Accession Rel 63.0      Rel 64.0
 --------- ----------    ---------

 D00441     PVY          PVYAAA    
 J00914     CHKU1RNA     CHKSRU1R  
 J01569     CE1PROR      ECOPROR   
 J01760     PS1          PS1AAA    
 J01820     TIPCTS       ATUCTS    
 J02017     ACSPLTR      AREPLTR   
 J02195     PCG          PCGAAA    
 J02336     MLR          RMLAAA    
 J02447     D18A         D18AAA    
 J03912     HUMRBPI      HUMIRBPM  
 J04425     CHKCOLA2     CHKCOLAI2 
 J05011     HUMHIVEP1    HIVEP1    
 K01220     SV4RATI3     RATSV4I3  
 K01264     AEBHEX       ADZHEX    
 K03325     AESLS        ADGLS     
 M11373     SIVENV       STLENV    
 M12466     ADBHAMJN     HAMADBJN  
 M14082     AESVARNA     ADGVARNA  
 M19044     RATATPSNA    RATMTATPSA
 M21958     TBSCPP       TBSCG     
 M22245     AEM1AB       ADX1AB    
 M22382     HUMP1P       HUMPMMPP1 
 M24466     STYFLIH      STYFLGH   
 M24916     PSENTRA      PSENTRAA  
 M26697     HUMB23A      HUMNUMB23 
 M27280     HEILICL      HEILIC1   
 M29040     BSUSPOIVCA   BSUCISAB  
 M30594     AEM1EARL     ADX1EARL  
 M31976     MUST66CG     MUSTCPC   
 V00035     AESRS        ADGRS     
 X01027     AESSA7PE1    ADGSA7PE1 
 X01162     CE3IMM       CECCOLE3IM
 X05739     SUSACT1      SUSACTA01 
 X07755     TBEEV1       TBECGA    
 Y00269     HIVHTLV4A    SIVHTLV4A 


APPENENDIX C. Number of entries, reports, and bases by organism


PRIMATE

     Key        Name                                   Reports Entries    Bases
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  1. AGM        Cercopithecus aethiops                      37      36    24356
  2. ATR        Aotus trivirgatus                            7       7     7557
  3. BAB        Papio anubis                                 3       3     2653
  4. BAB        Papio doguera                                1       1     2000
  5. BAB        Papio hamadryas                              4       4     8576
  6. BAB        Papio papio                                  1       1      343
  7. BAB        Papio sp.                                    3       3     1601
  8. CEB        Cebus sp.                                    2       2      190
  9. CEP        Cebus apella                                 7       7     1819
 10. CHP        Pan paniscus                                 1       1     1683
 11. CHP        Pan troglodytes                             66      52    71218
 12. COL        Colobus polykomos                            2       2     1494
 13. GCR        Galago crassicaudatus                       35      35    11381
 14. GIB        Hylobates lar                                7       5    15455
 15. GOR        Gorilla gorilla                             16      10    17953
 16. GSE        Galago senegalensis                          1       1      369
 17. HUM        Homo sapiens                              7748    6157  7436306
 18. LEM        Cheirogaleus medius                          1       1     1899
 19. LEM        Lemur albifrons                              1       1     1786
 20. LEM        Lemur macaco                                 3       3     5590
 21. LEM        Lemur sp.                                    1       1     1380
 22. MAC        Macaca fascicularis                          8       7     6355
 23. MAC        Macaca mulatta                              31      20    31531
 24. MAC        Macaca nemestrina                            1       1     1115
 25. MAC        Macaca radiata                               2       2      342
 26. MAC        Macaca sp.                                   7       6     7502
 27. MNK        Ateles geoffroyi                             3       3    12261
 28. MNK        Monkey                                       9       9     1423
 29. ORA        Pongo pygmaeus                              18      17    36667
 30. SOE        Sanguinus oedipus                            1       1      660
 31. TAR        Tarsius sp.                                  3       2     5404

     Total                                                8030    6401  7718869

RODENT

     Key        Name                                   Reports Entries    Bases
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  1. DIP        Dipodomys ordii                              1       1     3318
  2. GPI        Cavia cobaya                                 1       1      491
  3. GPI        Cavia cutleri                                3       2     4959
  4. GPI        Cavia porcellus                             16      15    19158
  5. HAM        Cricetulus griseus                          16      14    17912
  6. HAM        Cricetulus longicaudatus                    31      25    16035
  7. HAM        Cricetulus sp.                              22      18    20335
  8. HAM        Cricetus cricetus                            6       6    11446
  9. HAM        Mesocricetus auratus                        78      55    71411
 10. HAM        Mesocricetus sp.                            88      56    40625
 11. MAR        Marmota monax                                5       3     7012
 12. MUS        Mus caroli                                  11      10     6026
 13. MUS        Mus domesticus                              22      19    12678
 14. MUS        Mus muscaris                                56      56    26376
 15. MUS        Mus musculus                              4774    4002  3545428
 16. MUS        Mus pahari                                   6       6     6154
 17. MUS        Mus platythrix                               1       1      315
 18. MUS        Mus sp.                                      3       3     4982
 19. MUS        Mus spretus                                  8       6     6660
 20. PER        Peromyscus leucopus                          3       3     3640
 21. PER        Peromyscus maniculatus                      11      11     1791
 22. RAT        Rattus colletti                              4       4     7849
 23. RAT        Rattus fuscipes                              1       1     1161
 24. RAT        Rattus leucopus                              3       3     3481
 25. RAT        Rattus norvegicus                         2222    1849  2280317
 26. RAT        Rattus rattus                              141     125   200303
 27. RAT        Rattus sordidus                              1       1     1161
 28. RAT        Rattus sp.                                  51      42    55507
 29. RAT        Rattus tunneyi                               1       1     1161
 30. RAT        Rattus villosissimus                         2       2     3369
 31. SEH        Spalax ehrenbergi                            7       5    10412

     Total                                                7595    6346  6391473

OTHER MAMMALIAN

     Key        Name                                   Reports Entries    Bases
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  1. AXI        Axis axis                                    2       2     1758
  2. BOV        Bos taurus                                 636     539   617877
  3. CAT        Felis catus                                 40      40    23293
  4. CAT        Felis domesticus                             3       3     4748
  5. CAT        Felis silvestris                             8       6     9516
  6. CAT        Felis sp.                                    1       1     3534
  7. DAV        Dasyurus viverrinus                          2       2      939
  8. DOG        Canis familiaris                            26      17    29528
  9. DOG        Canis lupus                                  6       6     6169
 10. DOG        Canis sp.                                   12      11    14350
 11. GOT        Capra hircus                                43      40    34381
 12. HRS        Equus caballus                              20      15    26834
 13. LEE        Lepus capensis                               1       1      434
 14. LEE        Lepus europaeus                              1       1     3646
 15. MMU        Muntiacus muntjak                            1       1      807
 16. MVI        Mustela vison                                1       1      585
 17. OPO        Didelphis virginiana                         9       9     7139
 18. PIG        Sus scrofa                                 158     131   200269
 19. RAB        Basilea sp.                                  1       1      377
 20. RAB        Oryctolagus cuniculus                      386     336   440557
 21. RAB        Oryctolagus sp.                             45      45    60173
 22. RAB        Sylvilagus floridanus                        1       1     1065
 23. SEA        Halichoerus grypus                           3       3     2288
 24. SHP        Ovis aries                                  48      45    60593
 25. SHP        Ovis sp.                                    35      33    27086
 26. SUN        Suncus murinus                               8       6     6231
 27. VMP        Desmodus rotundus                            2       1     1725
 28. WAL        Macropus eugenii                             1       1      754
 29. WAL        Macropus robustus                            1       1     1465
 30. WAL        Macropus rufus                               1       1       50

     Total                                                1502    1300  1588171

OTHER VERTEBRATE

     Key        Name                                   Reports Entries    Bases
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  1. APT        Ascaphus truei                               2       1     1897
  2. BUJ        Bufo japonicus                               2       2     1116
  3. CHK        Gallus domesticus                          129      95   139366
  4. CHK        Gallus gallus                              896     735   902543
  5. CPL        Carcharhinus plumbeus                        4       4     1821
  6. CRC        Caiman crocodylus                            4       4     2420
  7. DUK        Aix sp.                                      1       1      165
  8. DUK        Anas platyrhynchos                          13      12    18150
  9. DUK        Cairina moschata                            27      19    18528
 10. FAL        Falco columbarius                            1       1      174
 11. FSA        Myxine glutinosa                             1       1      915
 12. FSA        Petromyzon marinus                           5       5     9661
 13. FSB        Anarhichas lupus                             1       1     3395
 14. FSB        Carassius auratus                            7       6     6765
 15. FSB        Catostomus commersoni                        3       3     1936
 16. FSB        Ctenopharyngobon idella                      1       1     4243
 17. FSB        Cyprinus carpio                             15      12    12379
 18. FSB        Electrophorus electricus                     3       3     8176
 19. FSB        Elops saurus                                 9       5     3870
 20. FSB        Ictalurus punctatus                          7       6     5679
 21. FSB        Limanda ferruginea                           1       1      416
 22. FSB        Lophius americanus                           8       5     2942
 23. FSB        Macrozoarces americanus                      3       3     2657
 24. FSB        Misgurnus fossilis                           2       2     1697
 25. FSB        Oncorhynchus keta                           27      23    19621
 26. FSB        Oncorhynchus kisutch                         2       2     3221
 27. FSB        Oncorhynchus tschawytscha                    3       3     1862
 28. FSB        Paralichthys olivaceus                       5       3     2223
 29. FSB        Pseudopleuronectus americanus                7       5     2680
 30. FSB        Salmo gairdneri                             47      43    36617
 31. FSB        Salmo irideus                                1       1     1278
 32. FSB        Salmo salar                                  4       4     5039
 33. FSB        Thunnus thynnus                              1       1      911
 34. FSC        Torpedo californica                         20      12    21607
 35. FSC        Torpedo marmorata                            3       3     4033
 36. GOO        Anser anser                                  2       2     4906
 37. GRE        Geoclemys reevessi                           1       1      239
 38. HEF        Heterodontus francisci                      32      28    11813
 39. LSE        Laticauda semifasciata                       1       1      483
 40. LSL        Laticauda laticaudata                        2       1      632
 41. NEW        Cynops pyrrhogaster                          1       1      629
 42. NVI        Notophthalmus viridescens                   10      10     1458
 43. ORN        Oreochromis niloticus                        1       1      847
 44. PAG        Pagrus major                                 2       1      906
 45. PGN        Columba sp.                                  2       2     1665
 46. PHS        Phasianus colchicus                          1       1      739
 47. PHU        Phyllomedusa sauvagei                        2       2     1315
 48. PLS        Phylloscopus trochilus                       6       3     2593
 49. PYU        Pyura stolonifera                            7       7     1029
 50. QUL        Coturnix coturnix                           21      19    14969
 51. QUL        Coturnix japonica                            1       1      311
 52. RAN        Rana catesbeiana                             8       7     5775
 53. RAN        Rana pipiens                                 4       3     1625
 54. RAN        Rana temporaria                             18      13     7156
 55. SCC        Scyliorhinus caniculus                       2       2      667
 56. SKT        Raja erinacea                               12       8    10209
 57. SMD        Triturus vulgaris                            1       1      310
 58. SMR        Pleurodeles waltlii                          5       4     2305
 59. SNK        Aipysurus laevis                             6       3     1332
 60. SNK        Bothrops atrox                               8       7    11423
 61. SNK        Crotalus durissus                            3       2     1263
 62. SNK        Elaphe radiata                               1       1     2483
 63. SNK        Naja naja                                    1       1      312
 64. SNK        Natrix tessellata                            1       1      312
 65. SNK        Notechis scutatus                            2       1      621
 66. SRA        Hemitripterus americanus                     2       2     3294
 67. TKY        Meleagris gallopavo                         14      12     5288
 68. XEB        Xenopus borealis                            21      20    15140
 69. XEC        Xenopus clivii                               6       6     1406
 70. XEL        Xenopus laevis                             390     357   413699
 71. XET        Xenopus tropicalis                           9       6    13706
 72. XIP        Xiphophorus maculatus                        2       1      533
 73. ZEF        Brachydanio rerio                            8       6     4264

     Total                                                1881    1573  1797660

INVERTEBRATE

     Key        Name                                   Reports Entries    Bases
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  1. ACA        Acanthamoeba castellanii                    10       6    22430
  2. ACP        Acropora formosa                             2       2      236
  3. ACP        Acropora latistella                          3       3      354
  4. ADO        Acheta domesticus                            1       1      541
  5. AEI        Aequipecten irradians                        2       2     1253
  6. AEV        Aequorea victoria                            4       4     2595
  7. AME        Apis melifica                                2       2      897
  8. AMF        Apis mellifera                               7       7     1818
  9. APL        Aplysia californica                         21      18    16598
 10. APL        Aplysia sp.                                  9       9     9086
 11. APO        Antheraea polyphemus                        19      19     8010
 12. APY        Antheraea yamamai                            1       1     1200
 13. ARB        Arbacia punctulata                           3       2     5078
 14. BBO        Babesia bovis                                4       4     2482
 15. BBO        Babesia rodhaini                             1       1     3238
 16. BMO        Bombyx mandarina                             1       1     2454
 17. BMO        Bombyx mori                                109      92    76785
 18. BPL        Brachionus plicatilis                        1       1      120
 19. BRP        Brugia malayi                                8       7     8668
 20. BRP        Brugia pahangi                               1       1      322
 21. BUG        Bugula neritina                              1       1      120
 22. CAF        Calanus finmarchicus                         1       1     1487
 23. CAR        Carcinoscorpius rotundicauda                 1       1      983
 24. CAV        Calliphora vicina                           11       7    16088
 25. CBL        Trichoplusia ni                              1       1     2475
 26. CCA        Caledia captiva                             12      12    11713
 27. CEL        Caenorhabditis briggsae                      3       2     3657
 28. CEL        Caenorhabditis elegans                     109      82   194202
 29. CER        Calliphora erythrocephala                    6       6     1677
 30. CHI        Chironomus pallidivittatus                  21      16     5529
 31. CHI        Chironomus tentans                          21      20    20059
 32. CHI        Chironomus thummi                           29      28    29934
 33. CLM        Clam sp.                                     1       1     2163
 34. CLM        Spisula solidissima                          1       1      806
 35. CRB        Cardisoma guanhumi                           3       3     1992
 36. CRB        Gecarcinus lateralis                         4       4     6714
 37. CRB        Geryon quinquedens                           1       1       85
 38. CRB        Limulus polyphemus                           4       4     4886
 39. CRB        Paguras pollicaris                           4       4      419
 40. CUL        Culex pipiens                                1       1     3105
 41. DDI        Dictyostelium discoideum                   246     188   188931
 42. DDI        Dictyostelium sp.                            2       1     4439
 43. DEM        Dermasterias imbricata                       2       2     1016
 44. DEP        Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus               2       1      824
 45. DIA        Diadromus pulchellus                         1       1      324
 46. DIC        Dicyema misakiense                           1       1      116
 47. DIR        Dirofilaria immitis                          1       1      246
 48. DRE        Drosophila erecta                            4       4     4847
 49. DRF        Drosophila funebris                          2       1     3002
 50. DRG        Drosophila gymnobasis                       10      10     1793
 51. DRH        Drosophila hydei                            12      11    17221
 52. DRI        Drosophila grimshawi                         2       2      378
 53. DRL        Drosophila silvarentis                       2       2      356
 54. DRM        Drosophila mauritiana                        6       4     8528
 55. DRN        Drosophila nebulosa                          2       2     2991
 56. DRO        Drosophila melanogaster                   1072     864  1367722
 57. DRO        Drosophila subobscura                        1       1     1593
 58. DRP        Drosophila pseudoobscura                    10       5    21972
 59. DRQ        Drosophila sechellia                         2       1     4572
 60. DRR        Drosophila orena                             6       3     5972
 61. DRS        Drosophila simulans                         17      14    15853
 62. DRT        Drosophila teissieri                         1       1      346
 63. DRU        Drosophila mulleri                           1       1     6778
 64. DRV        Drosophila virilis                          36      30    35650
 65. DRW        Drosophila mojavensis                        5       4    12829
 66. DRY        Drosophila yakuba                            1       1     1853
 67. ECC        Echinococcus granulosus                      2       2     1230
 68. EIM        Eimeria acervulina                           2       1      807
 69. EIM        Eimeria tenella                              4       3     3907
 70. ENH        Entamoeba histolytica                       13      12     8825
 71. EUC        Eurypelma californicum                       1       1     1579
 72. EWA        Euplotes aediculatus                         1       1     1882
 73. EWC        Euplotes crassus                             1       1      770
 74. EWE        Euplotes eurystomus                          2       1      930
 75. EWR        Euplotes raikovi                             1       1      593
 76. FFL        Luciola cruciata                             1       1     1985
 77. FHE        Fasciola hepatica                            1       1      894
 78. GCH        Glaucoma chattoni                            2       2      488
 79. GLA        Giardia lamblia                             10       7     3801
 80. GLY        Glycera dibranchiata                         1       1      745
 81. GMO        Glossina austeni                             1       1      653
 82. GMO        Glossina fuscipes                            1       1      239
 83. GMO        Glossina morsitans                           7       7     3244
 84. GMO        Glossina palpalis                            1       1      236
 85. HAE        Haemonchus contortus                         3       3     2422
 86. HCE        Hyalophora cecropia                          7       7     4501
 87. HEL        Heliothis virescens                          1       1     2977
 88. HIR        Hirudo medicinalis                           1       1      379
 89. HOL        Holothuria polii                             5       5     1964
 90. HOL        Holothuria tubulosa                          1       1      441
 91. HYD        Hydra sp.                                    2       2     4555
 92. LAN        Lingula anatina                              1       1      120
 93. LEI        Leishmania donovani                          7       5     9997
 94. LEI        Leishmania enriettae                         4       4     1562
 95. LEI        Leishmania enriettii                         3       3     4153
 96. LEI        Leishmania major                             9       7     7531
 97. LEI        Leishmania sp.                               2       2     4472
 98. LEI        Leishmania tropica                           1       1     1851
 99. LIT        Litomosoides carinii                         2       2      214
100. LMI        Locusta migratoria                           4       4     2101
101. LUM        Lumbricus terrestris                         2       2     5061
102. LYM        Lymnaea stagnalis                            1       1      482
103. MDO        Musca domestica                              3       2     2916
104. MOT        Manduca sexta                               23      20    36451
105. MSQ        Aedes aegypti                                2       2     3491
106. NEM        Ascaris lumbricoides                        32      32    12741
107. NEM        Ascaris suum                                 2       2     6079
108. NGR        Naegleria gruberi                            4       4     6389
109. OCT        Octopus dofleini                             1       1     1315
110. OCT        Paroctopus defleini                          1       1     1675
111. OFA        Oxytricha fallax                            34      13     9421
112. ONG        Onchocerca sp.                               2       2      214
113. ONG        Onchocerca volvulus                         16      15    12676
114. ONO        Oxytricha nova                              18      18    13838
115. OWE        Owenia fusiformis                            1       1     1548
116. PAA        Parascaris sp.                               2       2      215
117. PAL        Paracentrotus lividus                        4       3     7058
118. PAR        Paramecium primaurelia                       6       6    11862
119. PAR        Paramecium tetraurelia                      16      16     7831
120. PBA        Plasmodium gallinaceum                       1       1      799
121. PBE        Plasmodium berghei                           5       5     8498
122. PBS        Plasmodium brasilianum                       2       2     3010
123. PCH        Plasmodium chabaudi                          5       5     7006
124. PCR        Philosamia cynthia ricini                    1       1      120
125. PCY        Plasmodium cynomolgi                         6       6     7875
126. PFA        Plasmodium falciparum                      148     129   189006
127. PIO        Pisaster ochraceus                           5       5     9699
128. PKN        Plasmodium knowlesi                          7       5     5169
129. PLM        Plasmodium malariae                          1       1     1545
130. PLO        Plasmodium lophurae                          6       5     6087
131. PMC        Pneumocystis carinii                         8       5     5190
132. PMI        Prorocentrum micans                          2       1     2451
133. PPY        Photinus pyralis                             1       1     2387
134. PVI        Plasmodium vivax                             7       5     8010
135. PYO        Plasmodium yoelii                           10       8    20238
136. SCA        Schistocerca americana                       2       2     3416
137. SCA        Schistocerca nitans                          2       2      711
138. SCI        Sciara coprophila                            2       2      822
139. SCM        Schistosoma japonicum                        9       8     8326
140. SCM        Schistosoma mansoni                         51      45    39157
141. SCR        Androctonus australis                        7       7     2563
142. SEM        Parastichopus parvimensis                    1       1     1458
143. SHR        Artemia salina                              20      19    13823
144. SHR        Artemia sp.                                  3       3     2045
145. SLE        Stylonychia lemnae                           4       4     7237
146. SLU        Stylonychia pustulata                        5       5     2820
147. SPE        Sarcophaga peregrina                         7       7     6405
148. SPF        Spodoptera frugiperda                        1       1      228
149. SUL        Lytechinus pictus                           10      10     9731
150. SUL        Lytechinus variegatus                       15      15    11452
151. SUP        Psammechinus miliaris                       44      32    25482
152. SUS        Strongylocentrotus drobachiensis             1       1      229
153. SUS        Strongylocentrotus franciscanus              2       2     3832
154. SUS        Strongylocentrotus purpuratus              137     128    96532
155. SUT        Tripneustes gratilla                        11       6     7146
156. SUU        Sea urchin                                  12      12     2632
157. TAE        Taenia solium                                3       2     3737
158. TAT        Tachypleus tridentatus                       1       1      946
159. TCA        Tribolium castaneum                          1       1      707
160. TCK        Boophilus microplus                          1       1     2225
161. TCS        Trichostrongylus colubriformis               2       2     1987
162. TEC        Tetrahymena cosmopolitanis                   1       1      511
163. TEH        Tetrahymena hyperangularis                   2       2      767
164. TEM        Tetrahymena malaccensis                      1       1      507
165. TEN        Tenebrio molitor                            23      23     5207
166. TEP        Tetrahymena pigmentosa                       4       4     3072
167. TES        Tetrahymena sonneborni                       1       1      511
168. TET        Tetrahymena thermophila                     63      60    48324
169. TEY        Tetrahymena pyriformis                       9       7     4343
170. THE        Theileria annulata                           2       2     2859
171. THE        Theileria parva                              2       2     5207
172. TOX        Toxoplasma gondii                            8       8    10596
173. TRB        Trypanosoma brucei                         217     193   228884
174. TRC        Trypanosoma cruzi                           31      30    25702
175. TRE        Trypanosoma equiperdum                       6       4     3816
176. TRF        Crithidia fasciculata                       15      11    16299
177. TRL        Leptomonas collosoma                         1       1      154
178. TRL        Leptomonas seymouri                          6       4     2130
179. TRO        Trypanosoma congolense                       7       7     7982
180. TRV        Trypanosoma vivax                            2       2      857
181. TRWKP      Kinetoplast Trypanosoma lewisi               2       2     2036
182. TRY        Trypanosoma rangeli                          1       1      153
183. TSR        Trichinella spiralis                         2       1     1613
184. UCA        Urechis caupo                                1       1      718
185. VAI        Vairimorpha necatrix                         1       1     1244
186. VUI        Eupelmus vuilleti                            1       1      106
187. WSP        Dolichovespula maculata                      2       2     1367

     Total                                                3146    2648  3313426

PLANT

     Key        Name                                   Reports Entries    Bases
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  1. ABG        Absidia glauca                               2       1     1011
  2. ACK        Achlya ambisexualis                          1       1     1121
  3. ACK        Achlya bisexualis                            1       1     1809
  4. ACK        Achlya klebsiana                             1       1     1254
  5. ACT        Actinidia chinensis                          6       4     3861
  6. AEG        Aegilops tauschii                            1       1      421
  7. ALC        Allium cepa                                  3       3     1135
  8. ALF        Medicago sativa                             23      13    21111
  9. AMA        Antirrhinum majus                           11       7    11860
 10. APE        Acremonium chrysogenum                       1       1     1393
 11. ASA        Aspergillus awamori                          3       2     6109
 12. ASG        Aspergillus niger                            9       7    13043
 13. ASL        Aessosporon salmonicolor                     1       1      119
 14. ASN        Aspergillus nidulans                        40      33    71255
 15. ASO        Aspergillus oryzae                           8       5    11066
 16. AST        Avena sativa                                 5       5    16994
 17. ATH        Arabidopsis thaliana                        67      54    90653
 18. AVO        Persea americana                             1       1     2021
 19. BJE        Bjerkandera adusta                           1       1      118
 20. BLY        Hordeum vulgare                             58      48    64465
 21. BNA        Brassica napus                              20      16    13795
 22. BOL        Brassica campestris                          6       3     3852
 23. BOL        Brassica oleracea                           12       9     3859
 24. BRM        Bremia lactucae                              1       1     2869
 25. BRN        Bertholletia excelsa                         1       1      621
 26. CAG        Canavalia gladiata                           3       2     4797
 27. CCI        Coprinus cinereus                            2       2     6091
 28. CEN        Canavalia ensiformis                         1       1     1027
 29. CFU        Caldariomyces fumago                         2       1     2787
 30. CHE        Chenopodium rubrum                           2       1      689
 31. CHL        Chlorella sp.                                6       6     1019
 32. CIP        Mesembryanthemum crystallinum                4       3     5478
 33. CLI        Citrus limon                                 2       2     4868
 34. CLR        Clarkia unguiculata                          2       1     2040
 35. COA        Convolvulus arvensis                         4       4     4549
 36. COC        Cochliobolus heterostrophus                  2       2     2634
 37. COG        Colletotrichum capsici                       1       1     2557
 38. COG        Colletotrichum gloeosporioides               1       1     1749
 39. COT        Gossypium hirsutum                           9       9    13403
 40. CPA        Carica papaya                                3       3     2037
 41. CRE        Chlamydomonas reinhardtii                   24      22    30254
 42. CTR        Catharanthus roseus                          1       1     1740
 43. CUC        Cucurbita maxima                             5       3    15360
 44. CUC        Cucurbita moschata                           2       1     1781
 45. CUC        Cucurbita pepo                               7       7     5679
 46. CUS        Cucumis sativus                             11      11    11305
 47. DAR        Daucus carota                                6       6     8976
 48. DBI        Dolichos biflorus                            1       1     1005
 49. DCG        Dictyoglomus thermophilum                    1       1     2649
 50. DUN        Dunaliella salina                            3       2     2541
 51. EGR        Euglena gracilis                             5       4     5700
 52. EPA        Endothia parasitica                          5       3     3809
 53. EPK        Ephedra kokanica                             2       1      120
 54. ERG        Erysiphe graminis                            1       1     2474
 55. FIL        Filobasidium capsuligenum                    1       1      118
 56. FIL        Filobasidium floriforme                      1       1      118
 57. FLX        Linum usitatissimum                          5       5     1726
 58. FSO        Fusarium oxysporum                           1       1      132
 59. FSO        Fusarium solani                              2       2     3652
 60. FSO        Fusarium sporotrichioides                    2       1     1908
 61. FTR        Flaveria trinervia                           1       1      752
 62. GNG        Gnetum gnemon                                2       1      120
 63. HNN        Helianthus annuus                            6       4     5752
 64. IPB        Ipomoea batatas                              8       6    10824
 65. LGI        Lemna gibba                                  5       5     4646
 66. LGI        Lemna minor                                  1       1      119
 67. LIL        Lilium henryi                                1       1     9345
 68. LUP        Lupinus luteus                              20      15     5280
 69. MIN        Matthiola incana                             1       1      509
 70. MRA        Mucor racemosus                              8       7     6601
 71. MRM        Mucor miehei                                 2       2     3316
 72. MRP        Mucor pusillus                               1       1     1965
 73. MZE        Zea mays                                   170     143   213171
 74. NAN        Nanochlorum eucaryotum                       2       1     1796
 75. NEU        Neurospora crassa                           97      88   115769
 76. OCH        Ochromonas danica                            1       1     1789
 77. PAN        Podospora anserina                           3       3     1901
 78. PBL        Phycomyces blakesleeanus                     3       3      545
 79. PCP        Physcomitrella patens                        1       1     2544
 80. PEA        Pisum sativum                               66      60    71485
 81. PEC        Penicillium chrysogenum                      6       5     8394
 82. PET        Petunia hybrida                             30      28    22430
 83. PET        Petunia sp.                                 25      24    13154
 84. PHA        Phanerochaete chrysosporium                 10       8    11455
 85. PHN        Pharbitis nil                               10       5      534
 86. PHO        Petroselinum hortense                        1       1     1431
 87. PHV        Phaseolus lunatus                            1       1      926
 88. PHV        Phaseolus vulgaris                          46      36    41910
 89. PIN        Pinus thunbergii                             4       2     1889
 90. POM        Polystichum munitum                          4       4     4645
 91. POP        Populus sp.                                 17      10     3776
 92. POT        Solanum tuberosum                           58      49    85195
 93. PTE        Porphyra umbilicalis                         2       1      121
 94. PUM        Petroselinum crispum                         8       8     5448
 95. PYL        Pylaiella littoralis                         2       1     1644
 96. RAD        Raphanus sativus                             7       5     1952
 97. RCC        Ricinus communis                             6       6    10485
 98. RCH        Rhizopus chinensis                           1       1     1133
 99. RCH        Rhizopus niveus                              2       2     3448
100. RCH        Rhizopus oryzae                              1       1     2290
101. RDT        Rhodotorula rubra                            2       1     3586
102. RHD        Rhodosporidium toruloides                    2       2     3181
103. RIC        Oryza sativa                                67      44    66291
104. RYE        Secale cereale                               2       2     1363
105. SAL        Sinapis alba                                 5       4     2302
106. SCO        Schizophyllum commune                        5       5     4836
107. SES        Sesbania rostrata                            4       4     2075
108. SIP        Silene pratensis                             4       4     3165
109. SLM        Physarum polycephalum                       57      47    49961
110. SOY        Glycine max                                139     106   159802
111. SPI        Spinacia oleracea                           29      24    28509
112. SRG        Sorghum bicolor                              1       1      160
113. SRG        Sorghum sp.                                  1       1     4638
114. SSI        Scilla siberica                              4       4      204
115. TDA        Thaumatococcus daniellii                     1       1      931
116. TLA        Thermomyces lanuginosus                      5       4     3671
117. TOB        Nicotiana alata                              1       1      804
118. TOB        Nicotiana plumbaginifolia                    7       7    11855
119. TOB        Nicotiana rustica                            2       2      593
120. TOB        Nicotiana sylvestris                         4       4     1382
121. TOB        Nicotiana tabacum                           55      42    49187
122. TOM        Lycopersicon esculentum                     58      50    58245
123. TOM        Lycopersicon peruvianum                      1       1      480
124. TRD        Tripsacum dactyloides                        2       2      812
125. TRR        Trichoderma reesei                           3       3     5569
126. TRT        Trema tomentosa                              2       1     1727
127. URO        Uromyces appendiculatus                      1       1     1449
128. USM        Ustilago maydis                              3       2     2656
129. VFA        Vicia faba                                  37      31    28061
130. VIR        Vigna radiata                                3       3     3421
131. VVC        Volvox carteri                               7       5     7657
132. WHT        Triticum aestivum                           83      69    99737
133. WHT        Triticum durum                               1       1      898
134. WHT        Triticum sp.                                 3       3     7370
135. WHT        Triticum vulgare                             1       1      965
136. YS1        Zygosaccharomyces fermentati                 1       1     5416
137. YS2        Saccharomycopsis fibuligera                  3       3     9339
138. YS4        Candida boidinii                             2       2     1863
139. YS5        Candida glabrata                             3       3     2758
140. YSA        Candida albicans                             8       6    11668
141. YSB        Candida tropicalis                          15      12    20761
142. YSC        Saccharomyces cerevisiae                   976     807  1420238
143. YSCTY      Transposable element TY1                    41      36    43719
144. YSD        Saccharomyces diastaticus                    4       4     4319
145. YSE        Candida pelliculosa                          1       1     5327
146. YSF        Candida maltosa                              5       4     8167
147. YSG        Saccharomyces carlsbergensis                22      19    36227
148. YSH        Hansenula wingei                             3       3      720
149. YSI        Saccharomyces fibuligera                     2       2     6761
150. YSJ        Yarrowia lipolytica                          5       4    11065
151. YSK        Kluyveromyces lactis                        36      27    83929
152. YSM        Hansenula polymorpha                         3       3     8018
153. YSN        Kluyveromyces fragilis                       1       1     4193
154. YSO        Zygosaccharomyces rouxii                     5       3    15025
155. YSP        Schizosaccharomyces pombe                  110      92   154243
156. YSQ        Pichia pastoris                              3       3      899
157. YSS        Cephalosporium acremonium                    4       4     2093
158. YST        Yeast sp.                                   33      32    15660
159. YSU        Candida utilis                               4       4     7578
160. YSV        Saccharomyces uvarum                         1       1     2001
161. YSW        Kluyveromyces drosophilarum                  1       1     4757
162. YSX        Saccharomyces rosei                          1       1      278
163. YSY        Saccharomyces kluyveri                       3       2     2160
164. YSZ        Zygosaccharomyces bailii                     1       1     5415
165. ZAM        Zamia pumila                                 1       1     1813

     Total                                                2953    2443  3697029

ORGANELLE

     Key        Name                                   Reports Entries    Bases
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  1. ABGMT      Mitochondrion Absidia glauca                 1       1      596
  2. AEGCP      Chloroplast Aegilops crassa                  2       1     1436
  3. AEGCP      Chloroplast Aegilops squarrosa               1       1      203
  4. ALFCP      Chloroplast Medicago sativa                  3       3     3460
  5. AMDCP      Chloroplast Acetabularia mediterranea        1       1     1175
  6. AMFMT      Mitochondrion Apis mellifera                 1       1     2949
  7. AMHCP      Chloroplast Amaranthus hybridus              1       1     1187
  8. AMTMT      Mitochondrion Ambystoma tigrinum             2       1      225
  9. ASNMT      Mitochondrion Aspergillus amstelodami        1       1      624
 10. ASNMT      Mitochondrion Aspergillus nidulans          17      15    30144
 11. ASTCP      Chloroplast Avena sativa                     1       1     1623
 12. ATHCP      Chloroplast Arabidopsis thaliana             3       2     1499
 13. ATPCP      Chloroplast Atriplex patula                  1       1     1786
 14. ATPCP      Chloroplast Atriplex rosea                   1       1     1790
 15. BETMT      Mitochondrion Beta vulgaris                  3       3     4368
 16. BLYCP      Chloroplast Hordeum vulgare                 14       9    18910
 17. BOLCP      Chloroplast Brassica oleracea                1       1      543
 18. BOLMT      Mitochondrion Brassica oleracea              1       1      549
 19. BOLMT      Mitochondrion Brassica sp.                   2       2      770
 20. BOVMT      Mitochondrion Bos taurus                     6       5    19563
 21. CHECP      Chloroplast Chenopodium album                1       1      207
 22. CHKMT      Mitochondrion Gallus gallus                  2       1      225
 23. CHLCP      Chloroplast Chlorella ellipsoidea           11       8    11704
 24. CHPMT      Mitochondrion Pan troglodytes                1       1      896
 25. CNAMT      Mitochondrion Citrullus lanatus              1       1     4512
 26. CODCP      Chloroplast Codium fragile                   4       4      304
 27. CPACP      Chloroplast Cyanophora paradoxa              9       7     1298
 28. CPACY      Cyanelle Cyanophora paradoxa                 3       3     2964
 29. CRECP      Chloroplast Chlamydomonas moewusii           3       2     8107
 30. CRECP      Chloroplast Chlamydomonas reinhardtii       38      31    34870
 31. CRECP      Chloroplast Chlamydomonas sp.                3       2     2346
 32. CREMT      Mitochondrion Chlamydomonas reinhardtii     25      21    17665
 33. CRRMT      Mitochondrion Corcorax melanorhamphos        1       1      239
 34. DARMT      Mitochondrion Daucus carota                  1       1      690
 35. DIPMT      Mitochondrion Dipodomys californicus         1       1      239
 36. DIPMT      Mitochondrion Dipodomys heermanni            1       1      239
 37. DIPMT      Mitochondrion Dipodomys panamintinus         2       2      478
 38. DRMMT      Mitochondrion Drosophila mauritania          1       1      976
 39. DROMT      Mitochondrion Drosophila melanogaster        8       5     7782
 40. DRSMT      Mitochondrion Drosophila simulans            1       1      975
 41. DRVMT      Mitochondrion Drosophila virilis             1       1      191
 42. DRYMT      Mitochondrion Drosophila yakuba              9       3    19938
 43. EGRCP      Chloroplast Euglena gracilis                33      22    48472
 44. EQQMT      Mitochondrion Equus quagga                   2       2      229
 45. FHEMT      Mitochondrion Fasciola hepatica              2       1      708
 46. FRGMT      Mitochondrion Rana catesbeiana               5       3     7752
 47. FSBMT      Mitochondrion Acipenser transmontano         2       1      156
 48. FSBMT      Mitochondrion Cichlosoma centrarchus         1       1      239
 49. FSBMT      Mitochondrion Cichlosoma citrinellum         1       1      239
 50. FSBMT      Mitochondrion Cichlosoma labiatum            1       1      239
 51. FSBMT      Mitochondrion Cichlosoma nicaraguense        1       1      239
 52. FSBMT      Mitochondrion Cyprinus carpio                3       3      873
 53. FSBMT      Mitochondrion Julidochromis regani           1       1      239
 54. FTRCP      Chloroplast Flaveria bidentis                1       1     1839
 55. FTRCP      Chloroplast Flaveria pringlei                1       1     1842
 56. GCOCP      Chloroplast Gracilaria tenuistipitata        1       1     1930
 57. GIBMT      Mitochondrion Hylobates lar                  1       1      896
 58. GORMT      Mitochondrion Gorilla gorilla                1       1      896
 59. HAMMT      Mitochondrion Cricetulus sp.                 1       1      880
 60. HUMMT      Mitochondrion Homo sapiens                  40      34    35919
 61. IPBCP      Chloroplast Ipomoea batatas                  1       1     2004
 62. LEIKP      Kinetoplast Leishmania mexicana              3       3     2134
 63. LEIKP      Kinetoplast Leishmania tarentolae           21      15    27605
 64. LEIMT      Mitochondrion Leishmania tarentolae          1       1      189
 65. LEMMT      Mitochondrion Lemur catta                    1       1      895
 66. LMIMT      Mitochondrion Locusta migratoria             2       2     2467
 67. LUAMT      Mitochondrion Lupinus angustifolius          2       2     1330
 68. LUPMT      Mitochondrion Lupinus luteus                 2       1      630
 69. MACMT      Mitochondrion Macaca fascicularis            2       2     1598
 70. MACMT      Mitochondrion Macaca fuscata                 1       1      896
 71. MACMT      Mitochondrion Macaca mulatta                 1       1      896
 72. MACMT      Mitochondrion Macaca sylvanus                1       1      896
 73. MPOCP      Chloroplast Marchantia polymorpha           10       1   121024
 74. MSQMT      Mitochondrion Aedes albopictus               9       9     3448
 75. MUSMT      Mitochondrion Mus musculus                  18      11    20366
 76. MZECP      Chloroplast Zea mays                        68      52    49118
 77. MZECP      Chloroplast Zea perennis                     2       2     1456
 78. MZEMT      Mitochondrion Zea mays                      46      40    73673
 79. NEUMT      Mitochondrion Neurospora crassa             41      36    48308
 80. NEUMT      Mitochondrion Neurospora intermedia          3       2     6248
 81. NRACP      Chloroplast Neurachne munroi                 1       1     1990
 82. NRACP      Chloroplast Neurachne tenuifolia             1       1     2010
 83. OBECP      Chloroplast Oenothera berteriana             6       4     1813
 84. OBEMT      Mitochondrion Oenothera berteriana          17      14    24163
 85. OBOCP      Chloroplast Oenothera odorata                2       2      964
 86. OHOCP      Chloroplast Oenothera hookeri                2       2     2132
 87. OLICP      Chloroplast Olisthodiscus luteus             1       1      714
 88. ORAMT      Mitochondrion Pongo pygmaeus                 1       1      895
 89. OSPMT      Mitochondrion Oenothera sp.                  2       2     1635
 90. PALMT      Mitochondrion Paracentrotus lividus         16      16    18381
 91. PANMT      Mitochondrion Podospora anserina            14      13    34888
 92. PARMT      Mitochondrion Paramecium aurelia             9       9     8110
 93. PARMT      Mitochondrion Paramecium primaurelia         4       3     5645
 94. PARMT      Mitochondrion Paramecium sp.                34      17    12563
 95. PARMT      Mitochondrion Paramecium tetraurelia         4       4     5844
 96. PEACP      Chloroplast Pisum sativum                   31      26    42065
 97. PEAMT      Mitochondrion Pisum sativum                  6       5     5429
 98. PENCP      Chloroplast Pennisetum americanum            2       1      325
 99. PETCP      Chloroplast Petunia hybrida                  5       5     5461
100. PETMT      Mitochondrion Petunia hybrida                4       3     2954
101. PETMT      Mitochondrion Petunia parodii                1       1     1774
102. PIGMT      Mitochondrion Sus scrofa                     1       1      449
103. PILCP      Chloroplast Pilayella littoralis             1       1      353
104. PMGMT      Mitochondrion Placopecten magellanicus       2       2     2195
105. POGMT      Mitochondrion Thomomys townsendi             1       1      239
106. PZOCP      Chloroplast Pelargonium zonale               2       2      463
107. RADMT      Mitochondrion Raphanus sativus               2       2     5752
108. RATMT      Mitochondrion Rattus norvegicus             31      23    20938
109. RATMT      Mitochondrion Rattus rattus                  3       3     4217
110. RICCP      Chloroplast Oryza sativa                    10       8    11111
111. RICMT      Mitochondrion Oryza sativa                   5       5     8084
112. RYECP      Chloroplast Secale cereale                   9       7     9269
113. SAIMT      Mitochondrion Saimiri sciureus               1       1      893
114. SALCP      Chloroplast Sinapis alba                     8       6     9874
115. SAOCP      Chloroplast Saponaria officinalis            1       1     1252
116. SHRMT      Mitochondrion Artemia salina                 2       1     1137
117. SHRMT      Mitochondrion Artemia sp.                    2       1     1129
118. SLMMT      Mitochondrion Physarum polycephalum          1       1     1536
119. SNICP      Chloroplast Solanum nigrum                   1       1     1501
120. SOLCP      Chloroplast Spirodela oligorhiza             9       9     6538
121. SOYCP      Chloroplast Glycine max                     13       8    13023
122. SOYMT      Mitochondrion Glycine max                    5       5     8683
123. SPFMT      Mitochondrion Spodoptera frugiperda          1       1      446
124. SPICP      Chloroplast Spinacia oleracea               40      33    60853
125. SRGCP      Chloroplast Sorghum bicolor                  1       1      862
126. SRGMT      Mitochondrion Sorghum sp.                    4       2     4768
127. STFMT      Mitochondrion Asterina pectinifera           1       1     3849
128. SUSMT      Mitochondrion Strongylocentrotus drobachiensis
                                                             2       2      965
129. SUSMT      Mitochondrion Strongylocentrotus franciscanus
                                                             3       3     1276
130. SUSMT      Mitochondrion Strongylocentrotus intermedius
                                                             2       2      960
131. SUSMT      Mitochondrion Strongylocentrotus pallidus    2       2      961
132. SUSMT      Mitochondrion Strongylocentrotus purpuratus
                                                             3       3     1279
133. TARMT      Mitochondrion Tarsius syrichta               1       1      895
134. TETMT      Mitochondrion Tetrahymena thermophila        1       1       53
135. TEYMT      Mitochondrion Tetrahymena pyriformis        13      12    12293
136. TOBCP      Chloroplast Nicotiana acuminata              1       1     2052
137. TOBCP      Chloroplast Nicotiana debneyi                3       3     4016
138. TOBCP      Chloroplast Nicotiana otophora               1       1     2052
139. TOBCP      Chloroplast Nicotiana plumbaginifolia        6       4     4169
140. TOBCP      Chloroplast Nicotiana tabacum               47      40   200231
141. TOBMT      Mitochondrion Nicotiana plumbaginifolia      2       1     1740
142. TOBMT      Mitochondrion Nicotiana tabacum              4       3     4074
143. TOMMT      Mitochondrion Lycopersicon esculentum        2       1      558
144. TRBKP      Kinetoplast Trypanosoma brucei              26      20    36400
145. TRBMT      Mitochondrion Trypanosoma brucei             4       4     2285
146. TRCKP      Kinetoplast Trypanosoma cruzi               27      27    11864
147. TREKP      Kinetoplast Trypanosoma equiperdum           2       2     2017
148. TRFKP      Kinetoplast Crithidia fasciculata           19      18    12549
149. TRLKP      Kinetoplast Leptomonas tarentolae            1       1     2568
150. VFACP      Chloroplast Vicia faba                       5       5     6821
151. VFAMT      Mitochondrion Vicia faba                     4       4     9356
152. WARMT      Mitochondrion Pomatostomus isidori           1       1      239
153. WARMT      Mitochondrion Pomatostomus ruficeps          1       1      239
154. WARMT      Mitochondrion Pomatostomus superciliosus     1       1      239
155. WARMT      Mitochondrion Pomatostomus temporalis        1       1      239
156. WHTCP      Chloroplast Triticum aestivum               25      24    24129
157. WHTMT      Mitochondrion Triticum aestivum             21      17    16161
158. XELMT      Mitochondrion Xenopus laevis                 5       4    24251
159. YSCMT      Mitochondrion Saccharomyces cerevisiae     179     161   135852
160. YSGMT      Mitochondrion Saccharomyces carlsbergensis
                                                             1       1      149
161. YSKMT      Mitochondrion Kluyveromyces lactis          76      38     2955
162. YSKMT      Mitochondrion Kluyveromyces thermotolerans
                                                             5       3     1287
163. YSLMT      Mitochondrion Torulopsis glabrata           10       9     6200
164. YSPMT      Mitochondrion Schizosaccharomyces pombe      8       8    11911
165. YSSMT      Mitochondrion Cephalosporium acremonium      2       2     3029
166. YSTMT      Mitochondrion Yeast sp.                      4       4     5196
167. YSUMT      Mitochondrion Candida utilis                 1       1      306
168. YSVMT      Mitochondrion Saccharomyces uvarum           3       3     2296

     Total                                                1368    1110  1594294

BACTERIAL

     Key        Name                                   Reports Entries    Bases
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  1. ACC        Acinetobacter calcoaceticus                  8       5    16060
  2. ACC        Acinetobacter sp.                            3       2     3298
  3. ACH        Achromobacter sp.                            1       1     2414
  4. ACL        Acholeplasma laidlawii                       1       1     1508
  5. ACN        Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans         1       1     3842
  6. ACN        Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae              1       1     3831
  7. ACO        Acetogenium kivui                            1       1     2477
  8. ACY        Actinomyces naeslundii                       1       1     2160
  9. ACY        Actinomyces viscosus                         2       1     1850
 10. AFA        Alcaligenes eutrophus                        7       6    16706
 11. AFA        Alcaligenes faecalis                         3       3     7781
 12. AFA        Plasmid pJP4                                 3       3     2361
 13. AMC        Acidaminococcus fermentans                   2       1     3245
 14. AMS        Ampullariella sp.                            1       1     1892
 15. ANA        Anabaena 7120                                8       6    15235
 16. ANA        Anabaena sp.                                24      17    22096
 17. ANI        Anacystis nidulans                          31      25    35827
 18. AQU        Agmenellum quadruplicatum                    3       3     5497
 19. ARF        Archaeoglobus fulgidus                       3       2     1727
 20. ARG        Arthrobacter sp.                             1       1     2075
 21. ATU        Agrobacterium rhizogenes                     4       4     4868
 22. ATU        Agrobacterium sp.                            1       1     1599
 23. ATU        Agrobacterium tumefaciens                   31      27    54619
 24. AVH        Azotobacter chroococcum                      1       1     1654
 25. AVI        Azotobacter vinelandii                      21      17    73395
 26. AZS        Azospirillum brasilense                      1       1     1910
 27. BAD        Bacillus caldolyticus                        1       1     1150
 28. BAL        Bacillus caldotenax                          4       4     4182
 29. BAM        Bacillus amyloliquefaciens                  17      14    14120
 30. BAN        Bacillus anthracis                           4       4    14401
 31. BBR        Bacillus brevis                             10       9    21549
 32. BCC        Bacillus coagulans                           1       1     1332
 33. BCE        Bacillus cereus                             18      14    18719
 34. BCI        Bacillus circulans                           7       4     8107
 35. BCQ        Bacillus Q                                   5       5      786
 36. BLI        Bacillus licheniformis                      19      16    17553
 37. BMA        Bacillus macerans                            1       1     2744
 38. BME        Bacillus megaterium                         21      17    27133
 39. BNG        Bacteroides gingivalis                       1       1     1420
 40. BNO        Bacteroides nodosus                          5       4     3790
 41. BNR        Bacteroides fragilis                         3       3     5828
 42. BOR        Borrelia burgdorferei                        5       5     2497
 43. BPE        Bordetella bronchiseptica                    1       1     4936
 44. BPE        Bordetella parapertussis                     3       3     4749
 45. BPE        Bordetella pertussis                        16      11    40804
 46. BPO        Bacillus polymyxa                            3       2     5629
 47. BPU        Bacillus pumilus                            11       8     6185
 48. BRL        Brevibacterium epidermidis                   2       1     1721
 49. BRL        Brevibacterium lactofermentum                9       8    22049
 50. BRU        Brucella abortus                             2       2     5253
 51. BSN        Bacillus natto                               1       1      676
 52. BSP        Bacillus sp.                                17      17    34195
 53. BSS        Bacillus sphaericus                         10       8    16006
 54. BST        Bacillus stearothermophilus                 31      31    44639
 55. BSU        Bacillus subtilis                          226     183   289975
 56. BTH        Bacillus thuringiensis                      60      46   134829
 57. BTT        Thermoactinomyces thalpophilus               2       2     1036
 58. BUT        Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens                    1       1     3124
 59. C1B        Plasmid Colicin B4                           3       3     1561
 60. CAJ        Campylobacter jejuni                         4       4     5410
 61. CB2        Plasmid Colicin B2                           1       1      360
 62. CCR        Caulobacter crescentus                      19      19     9279
 63. CD1        Plasmid Colicin D                            1       1     1099
 64. CDC        Caldocellum saccharolyticum                  3       2     5961
 65. CE1        Plasmid Colicin E1                          40      30    15683
 66. CE2        Plasmid Colicin E2                           4       4     4553
 67. CE3        Plasmid Colicin E3                           1       1      392
 68. CE5        Plasmid Colicin E5-099                       1       1     1113
 69. CE8        Plasmid Colicin E8                           1       1     1268
 70. CE9        Plasmid Colicin E9                           1       1     1500
 71. CEC        Plasmid Colicin E3-CA38                      8       3     4883
 72. CEC        Plasmid Colicin E6-CT14                      1       1     3065
 73. CFI        Cellulomonas fimi                            6       6     5348
 74. CFR        Citrobacter freundii                         6       5     4522
 75. CFX        Chloroflexus aurantiacus                     1       1     1223
 76. CGF        Chlorogloeopsis fritschii                    1       1      210
 77. CHT        Chlamydia psittaci                           3       3     2942
 78. CHT        Chlamydia trachomatis                       25      14    47472
 79. CIA        Plasmid Colicin Ia                           1       1     3727
 80. CIB        Plasmid Colicin Ib                           4       4     8945
 81. CIB        Plasmid Colicin Ib-P9                        1       1      528
 82. CLA        Plasmid Colicin A                            2       2     3155
 83. CLD        Plasmid CloDF13                             13       1     9957
 84. CLK        Plasmid Colicin K                            2       2      815
 85. CLN        Plasmid Colicin V                            1       1      412
 86. CLN        Plasmid Colicin V-K30                        1       1     1465
 87. CLN2       Plasmid Colicin V2-K94                       1       1      550
 88. CLO        Clostridium acetobutylicum                   6       5     8561
 89. CLO        Clostridium acidiurici                       1       1     2266
 90. CLO        Clostridium botulinum                        1       1     4835
 91. CLO        Clostridium cellulolyticum                   1       1     2405
 92. CLO        Clostridium difficile                        4       3    10451
 93. CLO        Clostridium innocuum                         1       1     1544
 94. CLO        Clostridium pasteurianum                    24      16    16972
 95. CLO        Clostridium perfringens                      7       6     4288
 96. CLO        Clostridium sordellii                        1       1     1504
 97. CLO        Clostridium tetani                           3       3    10529
 98. CLO        Clostridium thermocellum                     8       7    13762
 99. CLO        Clostridium thermohydrosulfuricum            1       1     4839
100. CLO        Clostridium thermosulfurogenes               1       1     2824
101. CLV        Plasmid ColVBtrp                             1       1      441
102. CN2        Plasmid pCN2                                 1       1      117
103. CN3        Plasmid pCN3                                 1       1      114
104. COR        Corynebacterium glutamicum                   7       5    12942
105. COR        Corynebacterium nephridii                    1       1      615
106. COR        Corynebacterium sp.                          2       2     2512
107. COX        Coxiella burnetii                            2       2     4051
108. CPC        Cryptococcus albidus                         2       1     2984
109. CYA        Cyanobacterium nostoc                        2       2     4220
110. CYT        Cytophaga lytica                             1       1     1509
111. DEI        Deinococcus radiodurans                      2       2     4970
112. DMO        Desulfurococcus mobilis                      6       6     8080
113. DVU        Desulfovibrio baculatus                      2       1     2589
114. DVU        Desulfovibrio gigas                          1       1     2756
115. DVU        Desulfovibrio vulgaris                       8       8     9797
116. EAM        Erwinia amylovora                            1       1      772
117. ECA        Erwinia carotovora                           8       8    11566
118. ECB        Erwinia herbicola                            1       1     4902
119. ECH        Erwinia chrysanthemi                        15      10    21981
120. ECO        Escherichia coli                          1498    1032  1635830
121. ECO        F sex factor plasmid                         1       1     3635
122. ECO        Plasmid Colicin BM-Cl139                     3       3     3707
123. ECO        Plasmid pCU1                                 1       1     2056
124. ECO        Plasmid pF166                                1       1     2133
125. EHP        Ectothiorhodospira halophila                 1       1      121
126. EHR        Ehrlichia risticii                           2       1     1498
127. EHV        Ectothiorhodospira vacuolata                 1       1      120
128. ENC        Enterococcus faecium                         1       1     1900
129. ENR        Plasmid ENTR                                 2       2     1273
130. ENS        Plasmid ENT                                  1       1      866
131. ENT        Enterobacter aerogenes                       6       6     5330
132. ENT        Enterobacter agglomerans                     1       1      383
133. ENT        Enterobacter cloacae                         6       6     7434
134. ETA        Edwardsiella tarda                           2       1      306
135. EUB        Eubacterium sp.                              3       3     1778
136. FA3        Plasmid pFA3                                 1       1     1597
137. FDI        Fremyella diplosiphon                       25      19    27562
138. FIB        Fibrobacter succinogenes                     2       2     4620
139. FPL        Plasmid F                                   29      22    30781
140. FRA        Frankia sp.                                  3       2     3758
141. FVB        Flavobacterium heparinum                     1       1     1528
142. FVB        Flavobacterium okeanokoites                  8       8     9873
143. FVB        Flavobacterium sp.                           2       2     3418
144. HAF        Hafnia alvei                                 1       1     2961
145. HAL        Halobacterium cutirubrum                     4       4     3566
146. HAL        Halobacterium halobium                      32      23    37861
147. HAL        Halobacterium salinarium                     1       1      606
148. HAL        Halobacterium sp.                            7       6    14310
149. HAL        Halobacterium volcanii                       6       6     6860
150. HCL        Heliobacterium chlorum                       1       1     1512
151. HCU        Halobacterium cutirubrum                     1       1     3116
152. HEH        Haemophilus haemolyticus                     2       2     3186
153. HEI        Haemophilus influenzae                       8       8    11342
154. HEP        Haemophilus parainfluenza                    5       5      853
155. HMO        Halococcus morrhuae                          2       2     4402
156. HV2        Plasmid pHV2                                 1       1     6354
157. IM13       Plasmid pIM13                                1       1     2246
158. INC        Plasmid incB                                 1       1      352
159. INC        Plasmid incI-1                               1       1      418
160. INC        Plasmid incI-gamma                           1       1      417
161. INS        Insertion sequence                          10      10     4266
162. INS        Insertion sequence IS1                       3       2     1707
163. INS        Insertion sequence IS150                     2       1     1443
164. INS        Insertion sequence IS186                     2       2     2677
165. INS        Insertion sequence IS2                       3       3      387
166. INS        Insertion sequence IS26                      1       1      859
167. INS        Insertion sequence IS30                      1       1     1221
168. INS        Insertion sequence IS4                       1       1     1426
169. INS        Insertion sequence IS476                     1       1     1225
170. INS        Insertion sequence IS493                     1       1     1641
171. INS        Insertion sequence IS5                       3       2     1570
172. INS        Insertion sequence IS891                     1       1     1351
173. JD1        Plasmid pJD1                                 2       1     4207
174. KAE        Klebsiella aerogenes                        14      12    13177
175. KCI        Kluyvera citrophila                          1       1     2734
176. KPN        Klebsiella pneumoniae                       69      54   107538
177. KPN        Plasmid pJHC-MW1                             1       1     1352
178. KPO        Klebsiella oxytoca                           2       2     4901
179. LAC        Lactococcus lactis                           5       4    12831
180. LAE        Listonella ordalii                           2       1      120
181. LAE        Listonella tubiashii                         2       1      120
182. LB1        Plasmid p1                                   1       1      533
183. LB3        Lactobacillus 30a                            4       2     2189
184. LBB        Lactobacillus bulgaricus                     1       1      536
185. LBD        Lactobacillus delbrueckii                    7       4     5405
186. LBH        Lactobacillus helveticus                     1       1     3292
187. LBP        Lactobacillus plantarum                      2       1      117
188. LBP        Plasmid pC30il                               1       1     2140
189. LBP        Plasmid pLP1                                 1       1     2093
190. LCA        Lactobacillus casei                          6       6     9787
191. LCO        Lactobacillus confusus                       2       2     2640
192. LEP        Leptospira biflexa                           2       2     4788
193. LEP        Leptospira interrogans                       2       1     3244
194. LIS        Listeria monocytogenes                       3       2     3940
195. LPN        Legionella pneumophila                       1       1      239
196. LS1        Plasmid pLS11                                1       1      253
197. MBA        Methanobacterium ivanovii                    2       1     1353
198. MBF        Methanobacterium formicicum                  1       1     3597
199. MBH        Methanobrevibacter smithii                   2       2     5713
200. MBI        Methanobacterium thermoautotrophicum         7       5    20713
201. MBI        Plasmid pME2001                              1       1     1440
202. MBO        Moraxella bovis                              1       1      939
203. MEC        Micromonospora echinospora                   1       1      398
204. MEF        Methanothermus fervidus                      3       3    10822
205. MEH        Methanospirillum hungatei                    1       1      295
206. MES        Methanosarcina barkeri                       5       3    13117
207. MLC        Methylococcus capsulatus                     1       1     2463
208. MLU        Micrococcus luteus                          10       9    11753
209. MLY        Micrococcus lysodeikticus                    1       1      166
210. MPL        Mycoplasma-like organism                     1       1     1535
211. MSG        Mycobacterium bovis                          5       4     6104
212. MSG        Mycobacterium leprae                         5       4    10378
213. MSG        Mycobacterium tuberculosis                  14       8    17030
214. MSG        Plasmid pAL5000                              1       1     4837
215. MTB        Methylobacterium extorquens                  1       1     4500
216. MTB        Methylobacterium specialis                   2       1     2211
217. MV1        Plasmid pMV158                               1       1     2436
218. MVA        Methanococcus vannielii                     15      13    22272
219. MVO        Methanococcus voltae                        10       9    12367
220. MVT        Methanococcus thermolithotrophicus           3       2     2700
221. MXA        Myxococcus xanthus                          13      12    20095
222. MXB        Lysobacter enzymogenes                       3       2     3218
223. MYC        Mycoplasma capricolum                       14      13    21175
224. MYC        Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae                     2       2     1737
225. MYC        Mycoplasma mycoides                          4       4     2716
226. MYC        Mycoplasma sp.                              32      28    40860
227. MYC        Plasmid pADB201                              1       1     1717
228. NAH        Plasmid NAH7 (from P. putida)                6       5     3771
229. NAT        Natronobacterium pharaonis                   1       1     1015
230. NGO        Neisseria flavescens                         1       1     1228
231. NGO        Neisseria gonorrhoeae                       61      53    48085
232. NGO        Neisseria meningitidis                       8       6     6438
233. NOC        Nocardia mediterranei                        3       3      450
234. NOS        Nostoc commune                               1       1     4241
235. NR1        Plasmid NR1                                  4       3     6463
236. NT1        Plasmid NTP1                                 2       2     1440
237. NT1        Plasmid NTP16                                1       1     2730
238. P15        Plasmid P15A                                 2       2     1226
239. P18X       Plasmid pACYC184                             2       2      171
240. P23        Plasmid pMM2-3                               2       2      182
241. P307       Plasmid P307                                 2       2     3852
242. P53        Plasmid pMM5-3                               4       4      429
243. P55        Plasmid pMM5-5                               4       4      420
244. PAC        Plasmid P177                                 1       1      345
245. PAM        Plasmid PAM177                               1       1     1443
246. PAS        Pasteurella haemolytica                      3       3    15958
247. PAZ        Plasmid pAZ1                                 1       1      808
248. PB0        Plasmid pUB110                               8       7     8061
249. PB2        Plasmid pUB112                               1       1      901
250. PBF4       Plasmid pBF4                                 1       1     1041
251. PC1        Plasmid pC194                                2       2     3946
252. PC2        Plasmid pC221                                2       1     4555
253. PDE        Paracoccus denitrificans                     9       7    17422
254. PDGO       Plasmid pDGO100                              1       1     2237
255. PDU        Plasmid pDU1358                              2       2     5076
256. PE1        Plasmid pE194                                7       3     5039
257. PE2        Plasmid pED208                               2       2     5640
258. PHL        Plasmid pHly152                              1       1     8215
259. PI25       Plasmid pI258                                5       4    12140
260. PIJ        Plasmid pIJ101                               2       2     9188
261. PIP        Plasmid pIP401                               2       2      383
262. PIP11      Plasmid pIP1100                              1       1     1386
263. PIP404     Plasmid pIP404                               4       3    15188
264. PJH        Plasmid pJH1                                 1       1     1489
265. PJM1       Plasmid pJM1                                 1       1     3581
266. PJR        Plasmid PJR225                               1       1     1527
267. PKM        Plasmid pKM101                               1       1     1797
268. PLB        Plasmid pLB1                                 1       1     2190
269. PLM        Plasmid pAA3.7X                              3       1     9583
270. PME        Plasmid pMEA100                              1       1      150
271. PMM        Plasmid pMM110                               1       1      240
272. PMO        Plasmid pMON234                              1       1      997
273. PNE        Plasmid pNE131                               2       1     2355
274. PNS        Plasmid pNS1                                 1       1     3879
275. PNS        Plasmid pNS1981                              4       3     1819
276. PO2        Plasmid pOAD2                                2       2     2914
277. PR1        Plasmid R1                                  13      10     7500
278. PR2        Plasmid R1126                                1       1      428
279. PR6        Plasmid R6-5                                 2       1      858
280. PRC        Plasmid R                                    1       1     1487
281. PRI        Plasmid PRI13                                2       1     2234
282. PRM        Morganella morganii                          2       2     1831
283. PRM        Proteus mirabilis                            7       6    16319
284. PRM        Proteus vulgaris                            11       7    13986
285. PRO        Providencia sp.                              1       1     1135
286. PRO        Providencia stuartii                         1       1     3889
287. PRS        Propionibacterium shermanii                  1       1      439
288. PS1        Streptomyces lividans plasmid pS1            1       1       75
289. PSA        Plasmid pSA2100                              1       1       98
290. PSC        Plasmid pSC101                              14       8    15551
291. PSE        Plasmid pCMS1                                1       1     1322
292. PSE        Pseudomonas aeruginosa                      83      63    83148
293. PSE        Pseudomonas amyloderamosa                    5       2     4488
294. PSE        Pseudomonas cepacia                          2       2     5867
295. PSE        Pseudomonas fluorescens                      4       4    10441
296. PSE        Pseudomonas fragi                            2       2     1682
297. PSE        Pseudomonas paucimobilis                     1       1     1080
298. PSE        Pseudomonas pseudoalcaligenes                1       1     2040
299. PSE        Pseudomonas putida                          18      16    39155
300. PSE        Pseudomonas sp.                             18      16    31393
301. PSE        Pseudomonas syringae                         9       9    24734
302. PSE        Pseudomonas testosteroni                     2       2     2435
303. PSE        TOL Plasmid (from Pseudomonas putida)       10       6     7435
304. PSE        Zoogloea ramigera                            1       1     1524
305. PSM        SYM megaplasmid(from R. meliloti)            9       8     5150
306. PSN        Plasmid pSN2                                 1       1     1288
307. PT1        Plasmid pT181                                6       3     5149
308. PTB        Plasmid pTB913                               1       1     1200
309. PWM        Plasmid pWM5                                 1       1      569
310. PWP        Plasmid pWP7b                                1       1     1370
311. PWR        Plasmid PWR60                                1       1     4832
312. PYR        Pyrodictium occultum                         4       4     2077
313. R10        Plasmid R100                                23      15    16779
314. R11        Plasmid R1162                                4       4     1800
315. R12        Plasmid R124                                 1       1      272
316. R14        Plasmid R144                                 1       1      801
317. R27        Plasmid R27                                  1       1     1507
318. R36        Plasmid R386                                 1       1      441
319. R37        Plasmid R387                                 1       1     1160
320. R38        Plasmid R388                                 2       2     3204
321. R41        Plasmid R401                                 1       1     1857
322. R45        Plasmid R485                                 1       1      591
323. R46        Plasmid R46                                  3       3     2859
324. R48        Plasmid R483                                 1       1     1618
325. R53        Plasmid R538                                 3       2     1712
326. R65        Plasmid R65                                  2       2     1380
327. R67        Plasmid R67                                  1       1      293
328. R6K        Plasmid R6K                                  7       6     1894
329. R75        Plasmid R751                                 2       2     1020
330. R77        Plasmid R773                                 1       1     4347
331. RA1        Plasmid RA1                                  1       1      758
332. RBH        Plasmid pRBH1                                2       2     1521
333. RBL        Rhodopseudomonas blastica                    1       1    12368
334. RCA        Rhodobacter capsulatus                      27      21    42777
335. REI        Plasmid pRE-I                                1       1      439
336. RGN        Plasmid RGN238                               2       1     2427
337. RHA        Azorhizobium caulinodans                     2       1     2809
338. RHB        Bradyrhizobium japonicum                    19      16    27704
339. RHF        Rhizobium fredii                             1       1     2862
340. RHH        Rhizobium phaseoli                           4       4     3681
341. RHI        Bradyrhizobium sp.                           2       2     6665
342. RHI        Rhizobium sp.                                6       5     7684
343. RHJ        Rhizobium japonicum                         10       8    10225
344. RHL        Plasmid pRL1JI                               5       1    12055
345. RHL        Rhizobium leguminosarum                     12      12    18644
346. RHM        Rhizobium meliloti                          43      38    68539
347. RHP        Parasponia rhizobium                         2       2     5530
348. RHR        Rhizobium IRc78                              2       2     2199
349. RHT        Rhizobium trifolii                           5       5     6886
350. RIA        Plasmid Ri                                   1       1    21126
351. RIR        Rickettsia conorii                           1       1      539
352. RIR        Rickettsia prowazekii                        3       2     2971
353. RIR        Rickettsia rickettsii                        4       4     8555
354. RIR        Rickettsia tsutsugamushi                     1       1     2906
355. RIR        Rickettsia typhi                             2       2     1067
356. RIR        Rochalimaea quintana                         1       1     1493
357. RK2        Plasmid RK2                                  5       5     4723
358. ROS        Roseburia cecicola                           1       1     1031
359. RP1        Plasmid RP1                                  1       1     2709
360. RP4        Plasmid RP4                                  3       3     2327
361. RSF        Plasmid RSF1010                              4       4    10236
362. RSP        Rhodospirillum rubrum                        8       8    13464
363. RSS        Rhodobacter sphaeroides                     12      12    10427
364. RTS        Plasmid Rts1                                 2       1     1855
365. RUA        Ruminobacter amylophilus                     2       1     2867
366. RUM        Ruminococcus albus                           1       1     2180
367. RVI        Rhodopseudomonas viridis                     5       4     3885
368. SA2        Plasmid pSAM2                                3       3      866
369. SAC        Sulfolobus acidocaldarius                    4       4     5699
370. SAU        Stigmatella aurantiaca                       2       1     1300
371. SB2        Plasmid pSB24.2                              1       1     3706
372. SCP        Plasmid SCP1                                 1       1     2513
373. SER        Saccharopolyspora erythraea                  5       3     6464
374. SHD        Shigella dysenteriae                         7       7    11010
375. SHF        Plasmid pMYSH6000                            1       1     4472
376. SHF        Shigella flexneri                            7       7    14876
377. SHS        Shigella sonnei                             10      10     5138
378. SLP1       Plasmid SLP1                                 3       3      630
379. SMA        Serratia marcescens                         21      18    20645
380. SMA        Serratia sp.                                 1       1     2570
381. SME        Spiroplasma melliferum                       1       1     1510
382. SMY        Plasmid pSL2                                 1       1      345
383. SMY1       Plasmid pSL1                                 2       2      633
384. SPA        Spirochaeta aurantia                         1       1     1257
385. SPO        Sporolactobacillus laevis                    1       1      118
386. SPO        Sporosarcina ureae                           2       1      116
387. SSO        Sulfolobus shibatae                          1       1     1495
388. SSO        Sulfolobus solfataricus                      4       4     3319
389. SSP        Sulfolobus sp.                               7       4    19617
390. STA        Plasmid pT48                                 1       1     2475
391. STA        Staphylococcus aureus                       67      50    79187
392. STA        Staphylococcus carnosus                      1       1      720
393. STA        Staphylococcus epidermidis                   1       1      423
394. STA        Staphylococcus haemolyticus                  1       1     1087
395. STA        Staphylococcus hyicus                        1       1     2212
396. STA        Staphylococcus mutans                        1       1     2288
397. STA        Staphylococcus simulans                      1       1     1486
398. STA        Staphylococcus staphylolyticus               1       1     1825
399. STM        Streptomyces antibioticus                    1       1     1567
400. STM        Streptomyces avidinii                        1       1      638
401. STM        Streptomyces azureus                         1       1     1521
402. STM        Streptomyces clavuligerus                    2       2     2411
403. STM        Streptomyces coelicolor                     12      10    16265
404. STM        Streptomyces fradiae                         5       5    10504
405. STM        Streptomyces glaucescens                     4       3     3466
406. STM        Streptomyces griseus                        11       8    18202
407. STM        Streptomyces hygroscopicus                   6       6     5166
408. STM        Streptomyces lavendulae                      1       1     1130
409. STM        Streptomyces limosus                         1       1     2291
410. STM        Streptomyces lividans                       25      20    14900
411. STM        Streptomyces plicatus                        2       2     1245
412. STM        Streptomyces rochei                          2       2     1195
413. STM        Streptomyces sp.                            29      25    27226
414. STM        Streptomyces thermotolerans                  1       1     1260
415. STM        Streptomyces vinaceus                        1       1     1119
416. STR        Plasmid pAM-beta-1                           2       2      901
417. STR        Plasmid pMK157                               1       1     1920
418. STR        Streptococcus equisimilis                    1       1     2568
419. STR        Streptococcus faecalis                       6       6     8343
420. STR        Streptococcus lactis                         8       7     8222
421. STR        Streptococcus mutans                        10       9    35982
422. STR        Streptococcus pneumoniae                    46      32    50182
423. STR        Streptococcus pyogenes                      20      15    31675
424. STR        Streptococcus sanguis                        2       2     6639
425. STR        Streptococcus sobrinus                       1       1     4995
426. STR        Streptococcus sp.                            9       7    13788
427. STY        Plasmid R1767                                1       1     1519
428. STY        Plasmid R64                                  1       1      482
429. STY        Salmonella infantis                          1       1     3430
430. STY        Salmonella potsdam                           1       1     1727
431. STY        Salmonella rubislaw                          1       1     1479
432. STY        Salmonella sp.                               7       6     6050
433. STY        Salmonella typhimurium                     143     119   172174
434. SYC        Synechocystis sp.                           10       8    13968
435. SYN        Synechococcus sp.                           13      13    35842
436. TBA        Thermophilic bacterium                       6       3    11617
437. TDT        Trichodesmium thiebautii                     1       1      357
438. TFE        Plasmid pTF-FC2                              1       1      329
439. TFE        Thiobacillus acidophilus                     9       4      599
440. TFE        Thiobacillus ferrooxidans                    7       5    10091
441. THA        Thermoplasma acidophilum                     2       2     4789
442. THC        Thermococcus celer                           2       2     1312
443. THF        Thermomonospora fusca                        1       1      264
444. THP        Thermofilum pendens                          1       1      240
445. TIP        Plasmid pTiA6                                1       1      345
446. TIP        Plasmid pTiB6S3                              1       1     4203
447. TIP        Plasmid pTiC58                               2       2     3120
448. TIP        Plasmid Ti (from A. tumefaciens)            59      50    89960
449. TMO        Thermotoga maritima                          2       2     2763
450. TRN        Transposon gamma-delta                       6       3     1092
451. TRN        Transposon Tn3411                            2       1     2925
452. TRN        Transposon Tn5                               1       1     2040
453. TRN        Transposon Tn501                             1       1       86
454. TRN        Transposon Tn602                             4       4      639
455. TRN10      Transposon Tn10                             11       4     6024
456. TRN15      Transposon Tn1525                            1       1     1721
457. TRN16      Transposon Tn1681                            1       1      658
458. TRN17      Transposon Tn1721                            8       8     1797
459. TRN1771    Transposon Tn1771                            3       3      348
460. TRN21      Transposon Tn21                              3       3     5639
461. TRN25      Transposon Tn2501                            1       1     1539
462. TRN26      Transposon Tn2680                            1       1      194
463. TRN3       Transposon Tn3                              10       8     6351
464. TRN34      Transposon Tn3411                            1       1     1321
465. TRN43      Transposon Tn4351                            2       1     1982
466. TRN431     Transposon Tn431                             3       3     2405
467. TRN4551    Transposon Tn4551                            1       1     2080
468. TRN4556    Transposon Tn4556                            2       2       86
469. TRN5       Transposon Tn5                               9       6     4978
470. TRN501     Transposon Tn501                             4       4     7310
471. TRN554     Transposon Tn554                             5       1     6691
472. TRN7       Transposon Tn7                               7       7     7535
473. TRN9       Transposon Tn9                               2       2     1362
474. TRN903     Transposon Tn903                             6       6     6118
475. TRN917     Transposon Tn917                             3       3     6353
476. TRNCAM     Transposon Tn-Cam204                         1       1      921
477. TRP        Treponema pallidum                           6       6     8045
478. TTE        Thermoproteus tenax                          8       8     4399
479. TTH        Thermus aquaticus                            5       4     4831
480. TTH        Thermus caldophilus                          1       1     1229
481. TTH        Thermus flavus                               1       1     1771
482. TTH        Thermus thermophilus                        18      11    16501
483. URE        Ureaplasma urealyticum                       1       1     3424
484. VCH        Vibrio cholerae                             11      10     9588
485. VIB        Aeromonas hydrophila                         7       6     7237
486. VIB        Aeromonas sobria                             2       1     2510
487. VIB        Photobacterium leiognathi                    3       2     4041
488. VIB        Photobacterium sp.                           5       5     8715
489. VIB        Vibrio alginolyticus                         2       2     3975
490. VIB        Vibrio fischeri                              4       4     5791
491. VIB        Vibrio harveyi                              13      12    15766
492. VIB        Vibrio parahaemolyticus                      1       1     1275
493. VIB        Vibrio sp.                                   3       2     1390
494. VIT        Vitreoscilla sp.                             2       1      689
495. VIT        Vitreoscilla stercoraria                     1       1      745
496. WP1        Plasmid pWP113a                              1       1     1316
497. WP1        Plasmid pWP116a                              1       1     1336
498. WP1        Plasmid pWP14a                               1       1     1336
499. XAA        Xanthobacter autotrophicus                   1       1     3041
500. XAN        Xanthomonas campestris                       1       1      250
501. YEP        Plasmid pYV03                                1       1     3316
502. YEP        Yersinia enterocolitica                      4       4     8728
503. YEP        Yersinia pestis                              1       1     1397
504. YEP        Yersinia pseudotuberculosis                  5       4    10186
505. ZMO        Zymomonas mobilis                            8       7    12200

     Total                                                4502    3508  5669333

STRUCTURAL RNA

     Key        Name                                   Reports Entries    Bases
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  1. AAU        Auricularia auricula-judae                   1       1      118
  2. ACA        Acanthamoeba castellanii                     2       2      281
  3. ACC        Acinetobacter calcoaceticus                  1       1      116
  4. ACH        Achromobacter cycloclastes                   1       1      120
  5. ACH        Achromobacter xylosoxidans                   1       1      114
  6. ACL        Acholeplasma entomophilum                    1       1     1476
  7. ACL        Acholeplasma modicum                         1       1     1473
  8. ACN        Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans         3       3      494
  9. ACN        Actinobacillus equuli                        2       2      445
 10. ACN        Actinobacillus hominis                       3       3      494
 11. ACN        Actinobacillus lignieresii                   2       2      445
 12. ACS        Avian sarcoma virus                          1       1       75
 13. ACY        Actinomyces pyogenes                         2       1     1361
 14. AED        Agaricus edulis                              1       1      118
 15. AEQ        Actinia equina                               2       1      120
 16. AFA        Alcaligenes eutrophus                        1       1     1511
 17. AFA        Alcaligenes faecalis                         6       6     3410
 18. AKK        Akkesiphycus lubricum                        2       1      118
 19. ALF        Medicago sativa                              1       1      119
 20. ALL        Asteroleplasma anaerobium                    1       1     1471
 21. AMFMT      Mitochondrion Apis mellifera                 1       1     1266
 22. AMG        Acyrthosiphon magnoliae                      2       2      281
 23. AMP        Amoeba proteus                               1       1      419
 24. ANI        Anacystis nidulans                           4       4      371
 25. ANM        Anisodoris nobilis                           6       3      994
 26. ANP        Anaeroplasma abactoclasticum                 1       1     1453
 27. ANP        Anaeroplasma bactoclasticum                  1       1     1436
 28. ANP        Anaeroplasma varium                          1       1     1436
 29. APE        Acremonium persicinum                        1       1      119
 30. APL        Aplysia kurodai                              1       1      119
 31. APN        Anthoceros punctatus                         1       1      118
 32. APR        Antheraea pernyi                             1       1      120
 33. APU        Aeromonas punctata                           1       1      109
 34. AQU        Agmenellum quadruplicatum                    1       1       76
 35. ARB        Arbacia punctulata                           9       3     1049
 36. ARG        Arthrobacter globiformis                     4       3     1774
 37. ARG        Arthrobacter luteus                          1       1      122
 38. ARG        Arthrobacter oxidans                         2       1      121
 39. ARG        Arthrobacter sp.                             2       1      121
 40. ARN        Argulus nobilis                              1       1     1843
 41. ARO        Arhodomonas oleiferhydrans                   1       1     1487
 42. ASC        Acinetospora crinita                         2       1      118
 43. ASE        Aquaspirillum serpens                        1       1      116
 44. ASF        Aspergillus flavus                           1       1      119
 45. ASG        Aspergillus niger                            1       1      119
 46. ASN        Aspergillus nidulans                         4       4      476
 47. ATU        Agrobacterium tumefaciens                    1       1      120
 48. AUT        Aureobacterium testaceum                     1       1      120
 49. AVI        Azotobacter vinelandii                       1       1      120
 50. AXY        Amphibacillus xylanus                        2       1      116
 51. BAC        Bacillus acidocaldarius                      1       1      117
 52. BAE        Batrachospermum ectocarpum                   1       1      121
 53. BBR        Bacillus brevis                              2       2     1674
 54. BEACP      Chloroplast Phaseolus vulgaris               5       5      409
 55. BFI        Bacillus firmus                              1       1      116
 56. BGA        Blue Green Algae                             1       1       76
 57. BGL        Bacillus globigii                            1       1      116
 58. BHA        Beneckea harveyi                             1       1      122
 59. BJA        Blepharisma japonicum                        2       2      476
 60. BLI        Bacillus licheniformis                       1       1      116
 61. BLY        Hordeum vulgare                              7       5      342
 62. BLYCP      Chloroplast Hordeum vulgare                  1       1       76
 63. BME        Bacillus megaterium                          1       1      116
 64. BMO        Bombyx mori                                 13      12     1243
 65. BNA        Brassica napus                               2       2      196
 66. BNC        Bacteroides asaccharolyticus                 1       1       48
 67. BNG        Bacteroides gingivalis                       1       1       53
 68. BNI        Bacteroides intermedius                      1       1       52
 69. BOV        Bos taurus                                  18      15     1170
 70. BOVMT      Mitochondrion Bos taurus                    14      12      858
 71. BPA        Bacillus pasteurii                           1       1      117
 72. BPL        Brachionus plicatilis                        1       1      121
 73. BRA        Branchiostoma belcheri                       1       1      120
 74. BRA        Branchiostoma californiense                  6       3      974
 75. BRL        Brevibacterium helvolum                      2       1      120
 76. BRL        Brevibacterium linens                        1       1      123
 77. BRP        Brugia pahangi                               1       1      363
 78. BRU        Brucella abortus                             2       1     1429
 79. BSI        Blastocladiella simplex                      1       1      118
 80. BST        Bacillus stearothermophilus                  7       7      568
 81. BSU        Bacillus subtilis                           16      14     1153
 82. BVO        Bresslaua vorax                              1       1      120
 83. BVU        Beta vulgaris                                1       1      120
 84. CAO        Carpopeltis crispata                         1       1      121
 85. CAU        Caulobacter spinosum                         1       1      117
 86. CBC        Caseobacter polymorphus                      1       1      121
 87. CCI        Coprinus cinereus                            1       1      118
 88. CCO        Crypthecodinium cohnii                       4       4      492
 89. CEL        Caenorhabditis elegans                       9       7      713
 90. CFI        Cellulomonas biazotea                        1       1      120
 91. CHA        Chaetopterus sp.                             6       3      975
 92. CHB        Chlorobium limicola                          1       1     1504
 93. CHF        Chordaria flagelliformis                     2       1      118
 94. CHK        Gallus gallus                               25      23     2774
 95. CHL        Chlorella pyrenoidosa                        2       1      119
 96. CHL        Chlorella sp.                                5       3     2082
 97. CHO        Chilomonas paramecium                        1       1      124
 98. CHR        Chromobacterium fluviatile                   1       1     1473
 99. CHR        Chromobacterium violaceum                    1       1     1475
100. CLM        Spisula solidissima                          6       3      937
101. CLO        Clostridium aminovalericum                   2       1     1554
102. CLO        Clostridium barkeri                          2       1     1527
103. CLO        Clostridium carnis                           2       1      117
104. CLO        Clostridium pasteurianum                     3       2     1628
105. CLO        Clostridium ramosum                          1       1     1530
106. CLO        Clostridium sticklandii                      2       2     1501
107. CODCP      Chloroplast Codium fragile                   1       1       94
108. COR        Corynebacterium aquaticum                    1       1      120
109. COR        Corynebacterium glutamicum                   1       1      121
110. COR        Corynebacterium sp.                          2       1     1366
111. COR        Corynebacterium xerosis                      2       2      243
112. COT        Gossypium hirsutum                           1       1      118
113. COX        Coxiella burnetii                            2       1     1484
114. CPA        Cyanophora paradoxa                          2       2      237
115. CRA        Coprinus radiatus                            1       1      118
116. CRB        Limulus polyphemus                           6       3      977
117. CRE        Chlamydomonas reinhardtii                    3       3      399
118. CRE        Chlamydomonas sp.                            1       1      118
119. CRS        Cryptochiton stelleri                        6       3      923
120. CTU        Coleosporium tussilaginis                    1       1      118
121. CUR        Curtobacterium citreum                       1       1      122
122. CVN        Chromatium vinosum                           1       1     1526
123. CYR        Cycas revoluta                               1       1      120
124. CYRCP      Chloroplast Cycas revoluta                   1       1      122
125. DAC        Dryopteris acuminata                         1       1      121
126. DACCP      Chloroplast Dryopteris acuminata             2       2      225
127. DDE        Dacrymyces deliquescens                      1       1      118
128. DDI        Dictyostelium discoideum                     6       5     1051
129. DIT        Diatoma tenue                                1       1      118
130. DJA        Dugesia japonica                             1       1      120
131. DJA        Dugesia tigrina                              6       3      962
132. DOG        Canis lupus                                  1       1      149
133. DOG        Canis sp.                                    2       2      191
134. DRO        Drosophila melanogaster                     40      34     5122
135. DSA        Desulfuromonas acetoxidans                   1       1     1522
136. DSM        Desulfomonile tiedjei                        1       1     1505
137. DSP        Desulfobacter postgatei                      1       1     1519
138. DSV        Desulfosarcina variabilis                    1       1     1527
139. DUK        Cairina moschata                             1       1       78
140. DVU        Desulfovibrio vulgaris                       1       1      120
141. EAL        Enchytraeus albidus                          1       1      120
142. EAR        Equisetum arvense                            2       1      120
143. EBI        Eisenia bicyclis                             1       1      118
144. ECO        Escherichia coli                           126      99    10602
145. EGR        Euglena gracilis                             4       4      391
146. EGRCP      Chloroplast Euglena gracilis                 1       1       76
147. EHP        Ectothiorhodospira halophila                 1       1     1494
148. EIK        Eikenella corrodens                          4       4     5933
149. EJA        Entosphenus japonicus                        2       2      241
150. EMP        Emplectonema gracile                         2       2      239
151. ERL        Erythrobacter longus                         1       1      119
152. ERP        Protomonas extorquens                        1       1      116
153. ERY        Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae                 1       1     1487
154. ESE        Endophyllum sempervivi                       1       1      118
155. ESP        Euphausia sperba                             1       1       75
156. EUT        Eucidaris tribuloides                        6       3      923
157. EVA        Exobasidium vaccinii                         1       1      118
158. EWO        Euplotes woodruffi                           1       1      120
159. FAE        Faenia rectivirgula                          1       1     1246
160. FSB        Misgurnus fossilis                           3       3      399
161. FSB        Oncorhynchus keta                            1       1       75
162. FSB        Salmo gairdneri                              2       2      282
163. GBI        Ginkgo biloba                                1       1      120
164. GCL        Gymnosporangium clavariaeforme               1       1      118
165. GCO        Gracilaria compressa                         3       2      242
166. GEA        Gelidium amansii                             2       2      241
167. GLA        Giardia lamblia                              1       1      127
168. GLC        Gloiopeltis complanata                       1       1      120
169. GOL        Golfingia gouldii                            6       3      973
170. HAL        Halobacterium volcanii                      48      38     4377
171. HAM        Mesocricetus sp.                             2       1       94
172. HAMMT      Mitochondrion Mesocricetus sp.               4       4      413
173. HAP        Halichondria panicea                         1       1      120
174. HAZ        Haemophilus aphrophilus                      3       3      494
175. HCU        Halobacterium cutirubrum                    15      13     1050
176. HDI        Hymenolepis diminuta                         2       2      215
177. HEA        Haemophilus aegypticus                       1       1      116
178. HEI        Haemophilus influenzae                       2       2      445
179. HJA        Halichondria japonica                        1       1      120
180. HLF        Haloferax mediterranei                       2       1      123
181. HMO        Halococcus morrhuae                          2       2      309
182. HOC        Haliclona oculata                            1       1      120
183. HRO        Halocynthia roretzi                          2       1      119
184. HSA        Hymeniacidon sanguinea                       2       2      276
185. HUM        Homo sapiens                                46      42     6065
186. HUMMT      Mitochondrion Homo sapiens                   1       1       62
187. HYD        Hydra sp.                                    6       3      966
188. HYF        Hydrurus foetidus                            1       1      118
189. IGU        Iguana iguana                                1       1      120
190. JLA        Aurelia aurita                               2       2      240
191. JLC        Chrysaora quinquecirrha                      1       1      120
192. JLN        Nemopsis dofleini                            1       1      120
193. JLS        Spirocodon saltatrix                         1       1      121
194. JSUCP      Chloroplast Jungermannia subulata            2       2      219
195. KIN        Kingella denitrificans                       1       1     1475
196. KIN        Kingella kingae                              1       1     1476
197. LAE        Listonella aestuarianus                      1       1      119
198. LAN        Lingula anatina                              1       1      119
199. LAN        Lingula reevi                                6       3      919
200. LAP        Lamprometra palmata                          9       3     1044
201. LBR        Lactobacillus brevis                         1       1      117
202. LCA        Lactobacillus casei                          2       1     1574
203. LCA        Lactobacillus catenaforme                    1       1     1549
204. LEI        Leishmania enriettii                         1       1       68
205. LGE        Lineus geniculatus                           1       1      120
206. LGICP      Chloroplast Lemna sp.                        1       1      121
207. LHE        Lophocolea heterophylla                      1       1      119
208. LPN        Legionella pneumophila                      11      10     1252
209. LSY        Leptosynapta inhaerens                       6       3     1051
210. LUM        Lumbricus sp.                                6       3      976
211. LUP        Lupinus luteus                               5       5      380
212. LVI        Lactobacillus viridescens                    2       2      234
213. LVI        Lactobacillus vitulinus                      1       1     1477
214. LYC        Lycopodium clavatum                          1       1      121
215. MAG        Methylomonas methanica                       1       1     1283
216. MBI        Methanobacterium thermoautotrophicum         2       2      156
217. MET        Metridium senile                             6       3      963
218. MGL        Metasequoia glyptostroboides                 1       1      120
219. MJU        Microstroma juglandis                        1       1      121
220. MLC        Methylococcus capsulatus                     1       1     1234
221. MLM        Moloney murine leukemia virus                1       1       74
222. MLU        Micrococcus luteus                           2       2      238
223. MLY        Micrococcus lysodeikticus                    1       1      120
224. MNI        Mnium rugicum                                2       1      157
225. MPO        Marchantia polymorpha                        1       1      119
226. MPOCP      Chloroplast Marchantia polymorpha           34      34     2630
227. MSE        Megasphaera elsdenii                         1       1     1567
228. MSG        Mycobacterium asiaticum                      2       1     1368
229. MSG        Mycobacterium aurum                          2       1     1349
230. MSG        Mycobacterium avium                          4       2     2735
231. MSG        Mycobacterium chelonei                       2       1     1355
232. MSG        Mycobacterium chitae                         2       1     1359
233. MSG        Mycobacterium fallax                         2       1     1348
234. MSG        Mycobacterium flavescens                     2       1     1357
235. MSG        Mycobacterium gordonae                       2       1     1373
236. MSG        Mycobacterium kansasii                       2       1     1369
237. MSG        Mycobacterium leprae                         1       1      313
238. MSG        Mycobacterium neoaurum                       2       1     1354
239. MSG        Mycobacterium nonchromogenicum               2       1     1376
240. MSG        Mycobacterium paratuberculosis               2       1     1367
241. MSG        Mycobacterium phlei                          2       1     1357
242. MSG        Mycobacterium senegalense                    2       1     1356
243. MSG        Mycobacterium smegmatis                      1       1       77
244. MSG        Mycobacterium sp.                            4       2     2715
245. MSG        Mycobacterium terrae                         2       1     1363
246. MSG        Mycobacterium thermoresistible               2       1     1359
247. MSG        Mycobacterium triviale                       2       1     1351
248. MSG        Mycobacterium tuberculosis                   1       1      116
249. MSL        Mytilus edulis                               1       1      119
250. MSQMT      Mitochondrion Aedes albopictus               4       4      277
251. MTB        Methylobacterium extorquens                  1       1     1353
252. MTB        Methylobacterium organophilum                1       1     1316
253. MTB        Methylobacterium sp.                         1       1     1052
254. MTE        Methylosporovibrio methanica                 1       1     1306
255. MUS        Mus musculus                                37      37     4353
256. MYA        Mya arenaria                                 6       3      927
257. MYC        Mycoplasma capricolum                        3       3      259
258. MYC        Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae                     3       3     1799
259. MYC        Mycoplasma mycoides                          7       6     1885
260. MYC        Mycoplasma sp.                              24      24    34006
261. MYL        Methylosinus trichosporium                   1       1     1456
262. MYM        Methylophilus methylotrophus                 1       1     1504
263. MYP        Methylocystis parvus                         1       1     1314
264. MZECP      Chloroplast Zea mays                         1       1       75
265. NDU        Nematospiroides dubius                       1       1      360
266. NEM        Ascaris suum                                22      22     1251
267. NEU        Neurospora crassa                            5       5      486
268. NEUMT      Mitochondrion Neurospora crassa              8       8      635
269. NIF        Nitella flexilis                             1       1      121
270. NIT        Nitrobacter winogradskyi                     1       1      117
271. OCE        Oceanospirillum linum                        1       1     1542
272. ONG        Onchocerca gibsoni                           1       1      363
273. OPW        Ophiocoma wendtii                            9       3     1036
274. PAR        Paramecium caudatum                          1       1      366
275. PAR        Paramecium primaurelia                       1       1      366
276. PAR        Paramecium tetraurelia                       1       1      120
277. PAS        Pasteurella multocida                        2       2      445
278. PBL        Phycomyces blakesleeanus                     1       1      120
279. PBR        Perinereis brevicirris                       1       1      120
280. PCL        Prochloron sp.                               1       1      122
281. PCR        Philosamia cynthia ricini                    2       2      289
282. PDE        Paracoccus denitrificans                     1       1      117
283. PEA        Pisum sativum                                8       8      824
284. PEC        Penicillium chrysogenum                      1       1      119
285. PEP        Penicillium patulum                          1       1      119
286. PFA        Plasmodium falciparum                        1       1       78
287. PGO        Phascolopsis gouldii                         1       1      120
288. PHS        Phasianus colchicus                          1       1       95
289. PHV        Phaseolus vulgaris                           3       3      228
290. PHY        Pythium hydnosporum                          1       1      118
291. PIL        Pilayella littoralis                         1       1      118
292. PIR        Phlyctochytrium irregulare                   1       1      118
293. PIS        Pimelobacter simplex                         1       1      120
294. PIV        Pivellula marina                             2       1     2885
295. PLC        Planococcus citreus                          2       1      116
296. PLC        Planococcus kocurii                          2       1      116
297. PMC        Pneumocystis carinii                         1       1      120
298. PMI        Prorocentrum micans                          1       1      364
299. PNC        Pseudonocardia thermophila                   1       1     1246
300. PNU        Psilotum nudum                               1       1      121
301. POR        Porocephalus crotali                         1       1     1830
302. POS        Pleurotus ostreatus                          1       1      118
303. PPO        Puccinia poarum                              1       1      118
304. PRE        Planocera reticulata                         1       1      120
305. PRM        Proteus vulgaris                             4       4     1925
306. PSE        Pseudomonas aeruginosa                       1       1      120
307. PSE        Pseudomonas cepacia                          2       2     1589
308. PSE        Pseudomonas fluorescens                      2       1      120
309. PT4        Bacteriophage T4                            17      12      979
310. PT5        Bacteriophage T5                             6       6      472
311. PTE        Porphyra tenera                              1       1      121
312. PTR        Plagiomnium trichomanes                      1       1      119
313. PYE        Porphyra yezoensis                           1       1      121
314. QUL        Coturnix coturnix                            1       1      136
315. RAB        Oryctolagus cuniculus                       15      11     4955
316. RAT        Rattus norvegicus                           58      43     5867
317. RAT        Rattus rattus                                4       4      230
318. RATMT      Mitochondrion Rattus norvegicus              4       4      283
319. RCA        Rhodobacter capsulatus                       2       2      235
320. RCY        Russula cyanoxantha                          1       1      119
321. RER        Rhodococcus equi                             2       1     1360
322. RER        Rhodococcus erythropolis                     1       1      121
323. RHC        Rhizoctonia crocorum                         1       1      119
324. RHZ        Rhizoctonia hiemalis                         1       1      119
325. RIC        Oryza sativa                                 1       1      367
326. RIF        Riftia pachyptila                            6       3      929
327. RIR        Rickettsia rickettsii                        2       1     1443
328. RIR        Rickettsia typhi                             2       1     1444
329. RMA        Rhodopseudomonas marina                      1       1     1417
330. RPA        Rhodopseudomonas palustris                   1       1      119
331. RRU        Rhodospirillum rubrum                        2       2      161
332. RSP        Rhodospirillum rubrum                        1       1     1446
333. RSS        Rhodobacter sphaeroides                      1       1      115
334. RTO        Rhabditis tokai                              1       1      119
335. RYE        Secale cereale                               2       2      238
336. SAC        Sulfolobus acidocaldarius                    2       2      204
337. SAG        Schizochytrium aggregatum                    1       1      119
338. SAU        Stigmatella aurantiaca                       2       2      239
339. SCL        Styela clava                                 6       3      967
340. SCM        Schistosoma mansoni                          2       2      215
341. SCS        Saccharopolyspora hirsuta                    1       1     1284
342. SCU        Thyone briareus                              6       3     1059
343. SFE        Saprolegnia ferax                            1       1      118
344. SFU        Sargassum fulvellum                          1       1      118
345. SHE        Shewanella hanedai                           2       1      120
346. SHP        Ovis sp.                                     1       1       76
347. SHR        Artemia salina                               2       2      282
348. SJA        Sabellastarte japonica                       1       1      120
349. SLI        Synechococcus lividus                        1       1      120
350. SLM        Physarum polycephalum                        6       5      845
351. SME        Spiroplasma sp.                             11      11    14826
352. SNL        Arion rufus                                  3       2      276
353. SNL        Helix pomatia                                1       1      119
354. SOB        Scenedesmus obliquus                         5       5      407
355. SOBCP      Chloroplast Scenedesmus obliquus             2       2      162
356. SOF        Sepia officinalis                            2       1      120
357. SOS        Stichopus oshimae                            1       1      120
358. SOYCP      Chloroplast Glycine max                      3       3      255
359. SPI        Spinacia oleracea                            1       1      120
360. SPICP      Chloroplast Spinacia oleracea               12      12      998
361. SPM        Spirobolus marginatus                        6       3      977
362. SPO        Sporolactobacillus inulinus                  1       1      117
363. SPS        Spirogyra sp.                                1       1      120
364. SQD        Illex illecebrosus                           1       1      120
365. SSO        Sulfolobus solfataricus                      1       1      126
366. SSP        Sulfolobus sp.                               1       1      131
367. STA        Staphylococcus aureus                        1       1      115
368. STA        Staphylococcus epidermidis                   5       3      264
369. STC        Stentor coeruleus                            1       1      353
370. STE        Stella humosa                                1       1      117
371. STF        Asteria amurensis                            2       2      195
372. STF        Asterias forbesi                             9       3     1045
373. STF        Asterina pectinifera                         1       1      120
374. STM        Streptomyces griseus                         1       1      120
375. STR        Streptococcus cremoris                       1       1      117
376. STR        Streptococcus faecalis                       1       1      117
377. STR        Streptococcus sp.                            1       1     1577
378. STY        Salmonella typhimurium                       6       5      382
379. SUD        Pseudocentrotus depressus                    1       1      120
380. SUE        Heliocidaris erythrogramma                   6       3     1043
381. SUE        Heliocidaris tuberculata                     6       3      910
382. SUH        Hemicentrotus pulcherrimus                   1       1      120
383. SUL        Lytechinus pictus                            6       3     1046
384. SUS        Strongylocentrotus purpuratus                6       3      988
385. SYB        Syntrophospora bryantii                      1       1     1532
386. SYC        Synechocystis sp.                            1       1       76
387. SYN        Synechococcus lividus                        1       1      119
388. SYW        Syntrophomonas wolfei                        1       1     1532
389. TAM        Tatlockia micdadei                           9       9     1286
390. TAN        Tilletiaria anomala                          1       1      118
391. TCO        Tilletiaria controversa                      1       1      118
392. TET        Tetrahymena thermophila                      4       4      390
393. TEY        Tetrahymena pyriformis                       3       3      623
394. TEYMT      Mitochondrion Tetrahymena pyriformis         2       2      148
395. TFE        Acidiphilium cryptum                         1       1      122
396. TFE        Thiobacillus acidophilus                     1       1      120
397. TFE        Thiobacillus ferrooxidans                    2       2      240
398. TFE        Thiobacillus intermedius                     1       1      117
399. TFE        Thiobacillus neapolitanus                    1       1      119
400. TFE        Thiobacillus novellus                        1       1      120
401. TFE        Thiobacillus perometabolis                   1       1      116
402. TFE        Thiobacillus sp.                             1       1      117
403. TFE        Thiobacillus thiooxidans                     1       1      121
404. TFE        Thiobacillus thioparus                       1       1      118
405. TFE        Thiobacillus versutus                        1       1      116
406. TFE        Thiomicrospira pelophila                     1       1      118
407. TFE        Thiomicrospira sp.                           1       1      117
408. THA        Thermoplasma acidophilum                     3       3      276
409. THC        Thermococcus celer                           2       2     1611
410. TLA        Thermomyces lanuginosus                      2       2      276
411. TLP        Torulopsis utilis                            1       1      121
412. TOB        Nicotiana tabacum                            2       2      152
413. TOBCP      Chloroplast Nicotiana tabacum                3       3      343
414. TOR        Trichosporon oryzae                          1       1      118
415. TRB        Trypanosoma brucei                           2       2      106
416. TRF        Crithidia fasciculata                        7       7     1305
417. TRI        Trichomonas vaginalis                        1       1      341
418. TTH        Thermus aquaticus                            2       2      243
419. TTH        Thermus sp.                                  2       2      243
420. TTH        Thermus thermophilus                         5       4      354
421. TVI        Thraustochytrium visurgense                  1       1      119
422. UPE        Ulva pertusa                                 1       1      120
423. URE        Ureaplasma urealyticum                       1       1     1464
424. UUN        Urechis unicinctus                           1       1      120
425. VCH        Vibrio cholerae                              1       1      119
426. VER        Verrucomicrobium spinosum                    1       1      116
427. VFA        Vicia faba                                   2       2      327
428. VIB        Aeromonas hydrophila                         1       1      118
429. VIB        Aeromonas media                              1       1      119
430. VIB        Aeromonas salmonicida                        1       1      119
431. VIB        Alteromonas colwelliana                      2       1      120
432. VIB        Alteromonas putrifaciens                     1       1      120
433. VIB        Photobacterium angustum                      1       1      120
434. VIB        Photobacterium leiognathi                    1       1      120
435. VIB        Photobacterium sp.                           1       1      120
436. VIB        Plesiomonas shigelloides                     1       1      120
437. VIB        Vibrio alginolyticus                         1       1      121
438. VIB        Vibrio anguillarum                           1       1      120
439. VIB        Vibrio carchariae                            1       1      120
440. VIB        Vibrio cincinnatii                           1       1      120
441. VIB        Vibrio damsela                               1       1      120
442. VIB        Vibrio fischeri                              1       1      120
443. VIB        Vibrio fluvialis                             1       1      120
444. VIB        Vibrio gazogenes                             1       1      120
445. VIB        Vibrio logei                                 1       1      120
446. VIB        Vibrio marinus                               1       1      118
447. VIB        Vibrio metschnitovii                         1       1      120
448. VIB        Vibrio mimicus                               1       1      120
449. VIB        Vibrio natriegens                            1       1      121
450. VIB        Vibrio nereis                                2       1      121
451. VIB        Vibrio parahaemolyticus                      1       1      120
452. VIB        Vibrio pelagius                              1       1      120
453. VIB        Vibrio proteolyticus                         1       1      120
454. VIB        Vibrio psychroerythus                        1       1      119
455. VIB        Vibrio sp.                                   5       4      478
456. VIT        Vitreoscilla stercoraria                     1       1     1490
457. VVU        Vibrio vulnificus                            1       1      120
458. WHT        Triticum aestivum                           16      13     1679
459. WHT        Triticum sp.                                 2       2      152
460. WHT        Triticum vulgare                             2       2      282
461. WHTCP      Chloroplast Triticum aestivum                1       1       96
462. WHTMT      Mitochondrion Triticum aestivum              1       1       97
463. WHTMT      Mitochondrion Triticum vulgare               1       1      122
464. WLB        Wolbachia persica                            2       1     1475
465. WOL        Wolinella succinogenes                       1       1     1503
466. XEB        Xenopus borealis                             3       3      477
467. XEL        Xenopus laevis                              19      16     4037
468. XET        Xenopus tropicalis                           2       2      242
469. XYL        Xylella fastidiosa                           1       1     1493
470. YSA        Candida albicans                             1       1      121
471. YSC        Saccharomyces cerevisiae                    55      45     4730
472. YSCMT      Mitochondrion Saccharomyces cerevisiae      35      32     5657
473. YSG        Saccharomyces carlsbergensis                 4       2      242
474. YSK        Kluyveromyces lactis                         1       1      121
475. YSP        Schizosaccharomyces pombe                    8       8      630
476. YSR        Pichia membranaefaciens                      1       1      120
477. YST        Yeast sp.                                    7       6      492
478. YSTMT      Mitochondrion Yeast sp.                      8       8      613
479. YSU        Candida utilis                              11      10      815

     Total                                                1646    1374   357521

VIRAL

     Key        Name                                   Reports Entries    Bases
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  1. AA2        Adeno associated virus                       9       6     7879
  2. AAF        Avian musculoaponeurotic fibrosarcoma virus
                                                             2       1     3171
  3. AC2        Avian carcinoma virus                       14      11    18641
  4. ACB        Avian erythroblastosis virus                19      15    18700
  5. ACE        Avian endogenous virus                       5       5     2772
  6. ACF        Fujinami sarcoma virus                       3       2     7503
  7. ACM        Avian myelocytomatosis retrovirus            7       5    11273
  8. ACR        Avian reticuloendotheliosis virus           12       8     8401
  9. ACS        Avian sarcoma virus                         15      13    16357
 10. AD4        Mastadenovirus h40                           4       4    10795
 11. AD4        Mastadenovirus h41                           3       3     8920
 12. ADA        Mastadenovirus s30                           2       2      406
 13. ADB        Mastadenovirus 2                            81       4    36298
 14. ADB        Mastadenovirus c2                            1       1      196
 15. ADC        Mastadenovirus h3                           12      11     9026
 16. ADD        Mastadenovirus h4                            7       5     5078
 17. ADE        Mastadenovirus h5                           34      10    30096
 18. ADG        Mastadenovirus h7                           15       6    13245
 19. ADG        Mastadenovirus s7                            5       4     4781
 20. ADI        Mastadenovirus 9                             2       2      332
 21. ADJ        Mastadenovirus 10                            1       1      135
 22. ADL        Mastadenovirus 2                             2       1      430
 23. ADL        Mastadenovirus h12                          40      22    17527
 24. ADR        Mastadenovirus 18                            2       2      364
 25. ADT        Tupaia adenovirus                            4       4     3784
 26. ADU        Mastadenovirus 19                            1       1      154
 27. ADV        Mastadenovirus                               9       8    11370
 28. ADX        Mastadenovirus bos1                          1       1      159
 29. ADX        Mastadenovirus mus                           6       4     8379
 30. ADY        Eggdrop syndrome-1976 virus                  1       1       52
 31. ADZ        Mastadenovirus 31                            2       2      300
 32. ADZ        Mastadenovirus bos3                          1       1     2849
 33. ADZ        Mastadenovirus c2                            2       2     3689
 34. AEA        Avian adenovirus                             3       3      576
 35. AEC        Canine adenovirus                            4       4      805
 36. AEE        Equine adenovirus                            5       5      905
 37. AIN        Aino virus                                   1       1      850
 38. ALE        Rous associated virus                        7       6     4402
 39. ALM        Avian myeloblastosis virus                   5       5     4537
 40. ALR        Rous sarcoma virus                         157     132    60856
 41. ALV        Avian leukosis virus                        12      12     5400
 42. APH        Foot and mouth disease virus               113     108    74852
 43. ARE        Avian retrovirus                             2       2      698
 44. ASB        Avocado sunblotch viroid                    20      19     4715
 45. BBM        Broad bean mottle virus                      3       3      680
 46. BBV        Black beetle virus                           3       2     4504
 47. BCT        Beet curly top virus                         1       1     2993
 48. BEV        Bovine enterovirus                           1       1     7414
 49. BLC        Bunyamwera virus                             3       3    12294
 50. BLC        Bunyavirus La Crosse                        18      17     8616
 51. BLC        Germiston bunyavirus                         2       2     5514
 52. BLV        Bovine leukemia virus                       14      14    23104
 53. BNY        Beet necrotic yellow vein mosaic virus       2       2    11358
 54. BTV        Bluetongue virus                            29      21    41033
 55. BVD        Bovine viral diarrhea virus                  1       1    12573
 56. BWY        Beet western yellow virus                    5       3     7958
 57. BYD        Barley yellow dwarf virus                    3       2     6280
 58. CAD        Canine distemper virus                       3       3     5226
 59. CAN        Carnation etched ring virus                  1       1     7932
 60. CAP        Capripoxvirus                                4       4    10417
 61. CAS        Cassava latent virus                         2       2     5503
 62. CASNS      Cas NS1 retrovirus                           1       1     2711
 63. CCC        Cadang-cadang coconut viroid                 3       3      779
 64. CCP        Cricket paralysis virus                      1       1     1594
 65. CEA        Caprine arthritis encephalitis virus         4       3     1618
 66. CEV        Citrus exocortis viroid                      3       3     1113
 67. CHM        Chloris striate mosaic virus                 1       1     2750
 68. CHV        Chlorella virus                              2       2     3727
 69. CMV        Carnation mottle virus                       1       1     4003
 70. CNV        Cucumber necrosis virus                      1       1     4701
 71. CO4        Coliphage N4                                 2       2     1759
 72. COB        Bovine coronavirus                           7       5    15527
 73. CPE        Euxoa scandens cytoplasmic polyhedrosis virus
                                                             1       1      882
 74. CPF        Cucumber pale fruit viroid                   3       2      604
 75. CPR        Chandipura virus                             1       1     1751
 76. CPV        Cowpox virus                                19      19    13138
 77. CSO        Campoletis sonorensis virus                  8       6     9418
 78. CSV        Chrysanthemum stunt viroid                   4       3     1040
 79. CTN        Coconut tinangaja viroid                     1       1      254
 80. CXB        Coxsackievirus B1                            2       2     8844
 81. CXB        Coxsackievirus B3                            4       4    13082
 82. CXB        Coxsackievirus B4                            1       1     7395
 83. CYM        Clover yellow mosaic potexvirus              1       1     1051
 84. CYS        Lymphocystis disease virus of fish           3       3     5310
 85. DEN        Dengue virus                                24      22    70563
 86. DHV        Dhori virus                                  1       1     1479
 87. DMB        Thymotropic retrovirus type B                1       1      285
 88. DNV        Densonucleosis virus                         1       1     4277
 89. DPF        Dapple peach fruit disease viroid            1       1      297
 90. DPP        Dapple plum and peach fruit disease viroid
                                                             1       1      297
 91. DUG        Dugbe nairovirus                             1       1     1712
 92. EBO        Ebola virus                                  1       1     3021
 93. ECV        Echo 11 virus                                1       1       98
 94. ECV        Echo 6 virus                                 1       1       99
 95. ECV        Echo 9 virus                                 2       2      615
 96. EEE        Eastern equine encephalomyelitis virus       5       5     5163
 97. EEV        Venezuelan equine encephalitis virus         7       6     8300
 98. EEW        Western equine encephalitis virus            2       2     4521
 99. EIA        Equine infectious anemia virus              15       8    20826
100. EMC        Encephalomyocarditis virus                   8       7    23697
101. FCG        Gardner-Arnstein Feline Leukemia oncovirus B
                                                             2       2     3863
102. FCL        Feline calicivirus                           1       1     3865
103. FCR        RD114 retrovirus                             1       1      126
104. FCS        Feline sarcoma virus                         7       7    14248
105. FCV        Feline leukemia virus                       17      15    38510
106. FIP        Feline infectious peritonitis virus          1       1     4500
107. FIV        Feline immunodeficiency virus                2       2     9848
108. FLA        Influenza virus type A                     448     380   388880
109. FLB        Influenza virus type B                      81      68    98549
110. FLC        Influenza virus type C                      28      28    45497
111. FMV        Figwort mosaic virus                         1       1     7743
112. FPV        Fowlpox virus                                5       5    22700
113. FV3        Frog virus 3                                 3       2     2273
114. GPB        Granulosis virus                             1       1      999
115. GPR        Gottfried porcine rotavirus                  1       1     3302
116. GSB        GS virus                                     1       1      307
117. GSH        Ground squirrel hepatitis virus              1       1     3311
118. GVI        Grapevine viroid                             2       1      369
119. GVT        Trichoplusia ni granulosis virus             1       1      998
120. GYS        Grapevine yellow speckle viroid              3       2      730
121. HAN        Hantaan virus                                4       3     8928
122. HBD        Duck hepatitis B virus                       6       5    12249
123. HBH        Heron hepatitis B virus                      1       1     3027
124. HCV        Hog cholera virus                            2       1    12284
125. HIV        Human immunodeficiency virus type 1         86      38   163371
126. HIV        Human immunodeficiency virus type 2          5       4    29006
127. HIV        Human lymphotropic virus type III            1       1      261
128. HIV        Human T-cell lymphotropic virus type II      7       3    10520
129. HJV        Highlands J virus                            2       2      505
130. HL1        Human lymphotropic virus type I             14      12    23190
131. HL2        Human lymphotropic virus type II             4       4     5400
132. HLV        Hop latent viroid                            2       1      256
133. HOB        Human coronavirus                            2       2     2560
134. HOJ        HoJo virus                                   1       1     3613
135. HOM        Mus hortulanus virus                         3       3     4668
136. HOP        Hop Stunt Viroid                             8       6     1795
137. HPA        Hepatitis A virus                           13      11    42881
138. HPB        Hepatitis B virus                           65      61    56997
139. HPD        Hepatitis delta virus                        4       3     3523
140. HPE        Hepatitis E virus                            2       1     2570
141. HPU        Duck hepatitis virus                         2       1     3021
142. HPV        Hepatitis virus                              1       1     3182
143. HRD        Human retrovirus type D                      1       1     8785
144. HRV        Human rhinovirus                            11       9    31251
145. HS1        Herpes simplex virus type 1                144     105   311258
146. HS2        Herpes simplex virus type 2                 34      28    51383
147. HS4        Epstein-Barr virus                          83      63   287384
148. HS5        Human cytomegalovirus                       43      39   134697
149. HS5        Murine cytomegalovirus                       3       2     4331
150. HS5        Simian cytomegalovirus                       1       1      880
151. HS6        Human herpesvirus type 6                     1       1    21858
152. HSB        Bovine herpesvirus type 1                    9       9     8227
153. HSC        Simian cytomegalovirus                       2       2     2294
154. HSE        Equine herpesvirus type 1                   10       8    25897
155. HSG        Gallid herpesvirus type 1                    5       5    10607
156. HSK        Gallid herpesvirus type 2                    4       4    11325
157. HSL        Feline herpesvirus                           1       1     1619
158. HSL        Herpesvirus ateles                           1       1     2577
159. HSM        Gallid herpesvirus type 1                    3       3     3648
160. HSO        Herpesvirus papio                            1       1      695
161. HSP        Human spumaretrovirus                        3       3    12095
162. HSS        Herpesvirus saimiri                         29      28    20488
163. HSS        Pseudorabies virus                          14      11    20384
164. HST        Herpesvirus tamarinus                        2       1     2556
165. HSU        Herpesvirus tupaia                           1       1      863
166. HSV        Herpes simplex virus                         1       1      501
167. HSY        Herpesvirus sylvilagus                       1       1      559
168. HTV        Human adult T-cell leukemia virus            1       1     2266
169. IBA        Avian infectious bronchitis virus           24      24    31163
170. IBB        Infectious bronchitis virus                  1       1     3645
171. IBD        Infectious bursal disease virus of chickens
                                                             2       2     5924
172. IHN        Infectious hematopoietic necrosis virus      2       2     2961
173. IPN        Infectious pancreatic necrosis virus         2       1     3097
174. IRI        Iridescent virus type 6                      3       3    10327
175. JEV        Japanese encephalitis virus                  4       4    18496
176. KUN        Kunjin virus                                 1       1    10664
177. KVS        Killer virus of S.cerevisiae                 7       5     1260
178. LCV        Lymphocytic choriomeningitis virus          11      11    19716
179. LDV        Lactate dehydrogenase-elevating virus        5       5      620
180. LEE        Lee virus                                    1       1     3616
181. LSV        Lassa virus                                  3       3     6890
182. MAA        Alfalfa mosaic virus                        22      13    14703
183. MAV        Myeloblastosis-associated virus              1       1     1173
184. MBG        Bean golden mosaic virus                     4       4    10465
185. MBG        Bean yellow mosaic virus                     1       1     1015
186. MBR        Brome mosaic virus                          16      12     9903
187. MBS        Barley stripe mosaic virus                  11       8    13655
188. MBV        Middleburg virus                             4       3     3394
189. MCA        Cauliflower mosaic virus                    14      13    31503
190. MCC        Cowpea chlorotic mottle virus                7       6     6379
191. MCF        Mink cell focus-forming virus                8       8     8202
192. MCG        Cucumber green mottle mosaic virus           2       2     2421
193. MCP        Cowpea mosaic virus                          6       6    10010
194. MCV        Cucumber mosaic virus                       53      52    34142
195. MEA        Measles virus                               30      25    83843
196. MEV        Maus-Elberfeld virus                         1       1       54
197. MGR        Maguari bunyavirus                           1       1      945
198. MHV        MHV mouse hepatitis virus                   14       9    10970
199. MHV        Murine hepatitis virus                      14      13    12714
200. MHV        Murine hepatitis virus A59                   1       1      751
201. MLA        Abelson murine leukemia virus                8       6    10848
202. MLE        Mouse RFV endogenous retrovirus              2       2      684
203. MLF        Friend mink cell focus-inducing virus        5       4     7000
204. MLF        Friend murine leukemia virus                 2       2     4170
205. MLF        Friend spleen focus-forming virus            9       9    13488
206. MLG        Gross passage A murine leukemia virus        2       2     1220
207. MLK        Kirsten murine leukemia virus                1       1     1335
208. MLM        Moloney murine leukemia virus               54      40    32500
209. MLN        Murine non-leukeminogenic retrovirus         1       1      529
210. MLO        AKV murine leukemia virus                    7       2     9000
211. MLR        Rauscher spleen focus-forming virus          2       2     2244
212. MLS        Soule murine leukemia virus                  2       2     1310
213. MLT        Tikaut murine leukemia virus                 1       1      641
214. MLV        Murine leukemia virus                       44      36    41137
215. MLX        Xenotropic murine leukemia virus             1       1     3060
216. MMT        Mouse mammary tumor virus                   30      30    36715
217. MNC        Narcissus mosaic potexvirus                  1       1     6955
218. MOK        Mokola lyssavirus                            2       2      152
219. MPV        Monkeypox virus                              1       1     1276
220. MSB        Southern bean mosaic virus                   2       2      793
221. MSC        Sugarcane mosaic virus                       1       1     1782
222. MSH        Harvey murine sarcoma virus                  3       3     3036
223. MSJ        FBJ murine osteosarcoma virus                1       1     4226
224. MSK        Kirsten murine sarcoma virus                 2       2     1933
225. MSN        Solanum nodiflorum mottle virus              1       1      377
226. MSR        FBR murine osteosarcoma virus                1       1     3811
227. MSV        Murine sarcoma virus                         5       5     5020
228. MSY        Myeloproliferative sarcoma virus             3       3     5305
229. MTG        Tomato golden mosaic virus                   3       3     6342
230. MTR        Tobacco rattle virus                         7       7    20386
231. MTS        Lucerne transient streak virus               3       3      970
232. MTV        Tobacco mosaic virus                        21       7    16116
233. MTV        Velvet tobacco mottle virus                  1       1      366
234. MTY        Andean potato latent virus                   1       1       96
235. MTY        Clitoria yellow vein virus                   1       1      120
236. MTY        Eggplant mosaic virus                        2       2      138
237. MTY        Kennedya yellow mosaic virus                 1       1       83
238. MTY        Ononis yellow mosaic virus                   1       1      131
239. MTY        Turnip yellow mosaic virus                  18      14     9480
240. MUM        Mumps virus                                  9       7    11681
241. MVE        Murray Valley encephalitis virus             1       1     5436
242. MVM        Minute virus of mice                         9       7    16222
243. MYX        Myxoma virus                                 1       1     1421
244. MZS        Maize streak virus                           5       4     8139
245. NDV        Newcastle disease virus                     48      46    96524
246. NEV        Nephropathia epidemica                       2       2     5466
247. NPA        Autographa californica nuclear polyhedrosis virus
                                                            40      38    59258
248. NPB        Bombyx mori nuclear polyhedrosis virus       3       3     3931
249. NPG        Galleria mellonella nuclear polyhedrosis virus
                                                             5       5     2556
250. NPM        Mamestra brassicae nuclear polyhedrosis virus
                                                             1       1     2598
251. NPO        Orgyia pseudotsugata polyhedrosis virus      7       7    13383
252. NPS        Spodoptera frugiperda nuclear polyhedrosis virus
                                                             1       1     1557
253. OLV        Ovine lentivirus                             1       1     9256
254. ONN        O'Nyong-nyong virus                          1       1     3543
255. ORF        Orf virus                                    2       2     1320
256. PCB        Baboon endogenous virus                      8       7    20105
257. PCC        Colobus type C cpc-1 endogenous retrovirus
                                                             2       2      373
258. PCE        Chimpanzee type C endogenous retrovirus      2       2      430
259. PCG        Gibbon leukemia virus                        5       4     9202
260. PCM        Macaca endogenous retrovirus                 1       1      126
261. PCM        Macaca mulatta type C retrovirus             4       4      938
262. PCS        Simian sarcoma virus                        12       9    10868
263. PEB        Pea early browning virus                     2       1     7073
264. PEV        Subacute sclerosing panencephalitis virus    3       3     3444
265. PIB        Bovine parainfluenza virus type 3            3       1     8700
266. PIC        Pichinde Arenavirus                          8       8    12637
267. PIF        Human parainfluenza virus type 3            29      27    46139
268. PLV        Potato leaf roll virus                       5       3     6650
269. PLY        Budgerigar fledgling disease virus           1       1     4980
270. PLY        Polyomavirus                               130      38    35316
271. PMP        Papaya mosaic potexvirus                     1       1      900
272. PMS        Simian paramyxovirus (SV5)                   1       1     1382
273. PMV        Pepper mottle virus                          1       1     1480
274. POL        Poliovirus                                 116     103    77346
275. POV        Porcine parvovirus                           1       1     3670
276. PPA        Avian papillomavirus                         2       2      786
277. PPB        Bovine papillomavirus                       12      12    32403
278. PPC        Hamster papovavirus                          1       1     5366
279. PPD        Deer papillomavirus                          1       1     8374
280. PPE        European Elk papillomavirus                  4       3     8842
281. PPH        Human papillomavirus                        36      35    92944
282. PPI        Micromys minutus papillomavirus              3       3      487
283. PPL        Lymphotropic papovavirus                     1       1     5270
284. PPM        Monkey B-lymphotropic papovavirus            4       4    10920
285. PPR        Reindeer papillomavirus                      2       2      930
286. PPV        Plum pox potyvirus                           3       3    13827
287. PRV        Porcine rotavirus                            8       7     9167
288. PSV        Peanut stunt virus                           1       1      393
289. PTP        Punta toro phlebovirus                       6       6     7130
290. PTV        Potato spindle tuber viroid                  3       3     1077
291. PV1        Parvovirus H1                                3       2     5302
292. PV3        Parvovirus H3                                1       1      125
293. PVA        Raccoon parvovirus                           2       1     2410
294. PVB        Papovavirus BKV                             34      21    17269
295. PVB        Parvovirus B19                               4       4    11325
296. PVC        Canine parvovirus                            4       4    10016
297. PVD        Bovine parvovirus                            2       1     5517
298. PVF        Feline panleukopenia virus                  10       6    16703
299. PVM        Mink enteritis virus                         4       2     4888
300. PVR        Kilham rat virus                             1       1      125
301. PVR        Parvovirus R1                                2       2      548
302. PVS        Potato virus S                               1       1     3552
303. PVX        Potato virus X                               4       3     8841
304. PVY        Potato virus Y                               4       3    12008
305. RAV        Rabies virus                                20      19    30687
306. RBF        Malignant rabbit fibroma virus               3       3      446
307. RBF        Rabbit fibroma virus                        16      15    28212
308. RCM        Red clover mottle virus                      1       1     3543
309. RDV        Rice dwarf virus                             3       2     3889
310. REO        Reovirus type 1                             20      18    12885
311. REO        Reovirus type 2                             13      11     5383
312. REO        Reovirus type 3                             46      32    20272
313. RML        Rauscher murine leukemia virus               1       1      139
314. RNM        Red clover necrotic mosaic virus             3       2     5338
315. RO1        Rotavirus sp.                                3       3     4074
316. RO1        Rotavirus subgroup 1                         3       2     2712
317. RO2        Rotavirus subgroup 2                         6       6     5955
318. ROB        Bovine rotavirus                            20      15    23547
319. ROH        Human rotavirus                              3       3     4480
320. ROR        Rhesus rotavirus                             2       2     3424
321. ROT        Simian (SA11) rotavirus                     14      12    13186
322. RPF        Rinderpest virus                             4       4     8866
323. RRV        Ross river virus                             4       3    19686
324. RSH        Human respiratory syncytial virus           33      21    19332
325. RSV        Rat sarcoma virus                            1       1     1380
326. RUB        Rubella virus                               11       7    20872
327. RVF        Rift Valley fever virus                      1       1     3884
328. SAM        Satellite arabis mosaic virus                1       1      300
329. SAP        Satellite panicum mosaic virus               1       1      826
330. SFS        Sandfly fever Sicilian virus                 1       1     1746
331. SFV        Semliki forest virus                        12       3    15380
332. SHV        Simian hepatitis A virus                     4       2     1404
333. SIG        Sigma virus                                  1       1     1718
334. SIN        Sindbis virus                               15       5    15504
335. SIV        Simian immunodeficiency virus               17      10    49776
336. SIV        Simian immunodeficiency virus                1       1     7759
337. SIV        Simian immunodeficiency virus                3       3     9130
338. SLO        St. Louis encephalitis virus                 8       8     5391
339. SND        Parainfluenza virus                         37      29    42275
340. SNV        Spleen necrosis virus                        9       8     3909
341. SPV        Spiroplasma virus                            1       1     4421
342. SSH        Snowshoe hare bunyavirus                    11      10     6726
343. STL        Simian T-cell lymphotropic virus type I      1       1     4122
344. STT        St. Thomas 3 rotavirus                       1       1     1062
345. SV4        Rhesus macaque polyomavirus                177      41    14992
346. SV5        Simian virus 5                               4       4     5586
347. SVC        Spring viremia of carp virus                 1       1      710
348. SVD        Swine vesicular disease virus                2       2     7475
349. SYE        Sonchus yellow net virus                     2       2     1751
350. TAC        Tacaribe virus                               2       2     3505
351. TAS        Tomato apical stunt viroid                   3       2      723
352. TBE        Tick-borne encephalitis virus                4       2    21023
353. TBR        Tomato black ring virus                     11      11    18222
354. TBS        Tomato bushy stunt virus                     3       2     5172
355. TCV        Turnip crinkle virus                         2       2     5500
356. TEV        Tobacco etch virus                           4       3    21315
357. TGE        Transmissible gastroenteritis virus         12       8    19556
358. TME        Theiler's murine encephalomyelitis virus     4       4    26220
359. TNS        Satellite tobacco necrosis virus             4       2     1380
360. TOA        Tomato aspermy virus                         5       5      943
361. TOS        Tomato ringspot virus                        2       2     3096
362. TPM        Tomato plant macho viroid                    1       1      360
363. TRS        Tobacco ringspot virus                       3       3      790
364. TSV        Tobacco streak virus                         3       3     2525
365. TVM        Tobacco vein mottling virus                  3       2     9892
366. UST        Ustilago maydis P6 virus                     1       1     1234
367. UUK        Uukuniemi virus                              1       1     3231
368. VAC        Vaccinia virus                              75      69   137948
369. VAR        Variola virus                                1       1     1274
370. VAZ        Varicella-zoster virus                      10       6   130009
371. VLV        Visna virus                                  3       2     9690
372. VSV        Vesicular stomatitis virus                 142     120   147854
373. VYS        Saccharomyces cerevisiae virus ScV1          1       1      819
374. WCP        White clover mosaic virus                    2       2     7457
375. WDV        Wheat dwarf virus                            2       2     2829
376. WHV        Woodchuck hepatitis virus                    6       6    15916
377. WNF        West Nile virus                              6       3    11194
378. WTV        Wound tumor virus                            7       7    11555
379. YFV        Flavivirus febricis                          3       2    11427

     Total                                                4175    3216  5363016

PHAGE

     Key        Name                                   Reports Entries    Bases
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  1. AL3        Bacteriophage alpha3                         5       4     1209
  2. BAZ        Bacteriophage Z                              1       1      370
  3. BEO        Corynebacteriophage omega                    1       1     1880
  4. BET        Corynebacteriophage beta                     3       2     4162
  5. BEU        Corynebacteriophage gamma                    2       2      139
  6. BNF        Bacteriophage NF                             6       5     3258
  7. BO1        Bacteriophage Bo1                            1       1      205
  8. BP2        Bacteriophage P21                            2       2      191
  9. BPH        Bacteriophage phi-11                         1       1      300
 10. BU3        Bacteriophage U3                             1       1      201
 11. BZ3        Bacteriophage Bz13                           1       1      218
 12. C31        Bacteriophage phi-c31                        1       1     3413
 13. CF1        Bacteriophage Cf16                           1       1      500
 14. CP1        Bacteriophage Cp-1                           5       3     3364
 15. CP5        Bacteriophage Cp-5                           4       2     1850
 16. CP7        Bacteriophage Cp-7                           4       2     3322
 17. CPT        Bacteriophage Cp-T1                          1       1      730
 18. D18        Bacteriophage D108                           9       7     3935
 19. F1C        Bacteriophage f1                            14      11    16119
 20. FR1        Bacteriophage FR                             2       2     1993
 21. G14        Bacteriophage G14                            1       1      113
 22. H19B       Bacteriophage H19B                           2       2     3301
 23. H30        Bacteriophage H30                            1       1     1905
 24. H44        Bacteriophage H4489A                         1       1     3222
 25. HP1        Bacteriophage HP1                            4       2    10673
 26. IKE        Bacteriophage Ike                            3       2     7200
 27. J93        Bacteriophage 933J                           2       1     1499
 28. JP3        Bacteriophage Jp34                           2       2     1070
 29. JP5        Bacteriophage Jp501                          1       1      205
 30. KU1        Bacteriophage Ku1                            1       1      220
 31. L17        Bacteriophage L17                            2       2      240
 32. L54        Bacteriophage L54a                           1       1     1626
 33. LAM        Bacteriophage lambda                       116      20    53621
 34. LP7        Bacteriophage LP7                            1       1     2110
 35. M13        Bacteriophage M13                           11       7     8039
 36. M13MP7     Bacteriophage M13mp7                         1       1       60
 37. M13MP8     Bacteriophage M13mp8                         3       3      240
 38. M13MP9     Bacteriophage M13mp9                         2       2      318
 39. M2Y        Bacteriophage M2Y                            2       2      336
 40. MS2        Bacteriophage MS2                           13       5     4283
 41. OX2        Bacteriophage Ox2                            2       2     2641
 42. P15        Bacteriophage phi-105                        1       1     1306
 43. P16        Bacteriophage 16-3                           1       1      720
 44. P18        Bacteriophage 186                            1       1     3561
 45. P21        Bacteriophage phi-21                         2       2      949
 46. P22        Bacteriophage P22                           17      15    18461
 47. P29        Bacteriophage phi-29                        17      14    17628
 48. P42        Bacteriophage 42D                            1       1      993
 49. P434       Bacteriophage 434                            7       5     2933
 50. P80        Bacteriophage phi-80                         7       6     4714
 51. P82        Bacteriophage 82                             1       1     1200
 52. P93        Bacteriophage 933W                           2       1     1661
 53. PA2        Bacteriophage PA-2                           1       1     2816
 54. PF1D       Bacteriophage Pf1                            1       1      435
 55. PF3        Bacteriophage Pf3                            4       4    12981
 56. PFD        Bacteriophage fd                            11       7     7334
 57. PFI        Bacteriophage Fi                             1       1       78
 58. PG4        Bacteriophage G4                            12       8     7247
 59. PGA        Bacteriophage Ga                             4       4     4022
 60. PH1        Bacteriophage H1                             1       1       98
 61. PH15       Bacteriophage phi-15                         3       3     2352
 62. PH2        Bacteriophage 21                             1       1     1688
 63. PH3        Bacteriophage phi-3T                         2       2     3422
 64. PH5        Bacteriophage phi-105                        6       5     3851
 65. PH6        Bacteriophage phi-6                          7       7    13619
 66. PHI        Bacteriophage phi-H                          1       1     2465
 67. PHK        Bacteriophage phi-K                          1       1      336
 68. PK3        Bacteriophage K3                             7       6     6630
 69. PM1        Bacteriophage M1                             1       1     1714
 70. PMU        Bacteriophage Mu                            43      32    17325
 71. PP1        Bacteriophage P1                            37      36    16583
 72. PP2        Bacteriophage P2                            10       9     7348
 73. PP4        Bacteriophage P4                             7       7    13339
 74. PP7        Bacteriophage P7                             3       3     1641
 75. PQB        Bacteriophage Q-beta                        11      10     1710
 76. PR4        Bacteriophage PR4                            2       2      240
 77. PR5        Bacteriophage PR5                            2       2      238
 78. PR722      Bacteriophage PR722                          2       2      240
 79. PRD1       Bacteriophage PRD1                           8       8     7360
 80. PS2        Bacteriophage PBS2                           1       1      720
 81. PSP        Bacteriophage Sp                             3       2     4542
 82. PST        Bacteriophage ST                             1       1      246
 83. PT2        Bacteriophage T2                             9       6     8743
 84. PT3        Bacteriophage T3                            19      16    14888
 85. PT4        Bacteriophage T4                           103      57   109845
 86. PT5        Bacteriophage T5                            28      25    26730
 87. PT6        Bacteriophage T6                             2       1      946
 88. PT7        Bacteriophage T7                            31       8    41756
 89. PVK        Bacteriophage VK                             1       1      246
 90. PX1        Bacteriophage phi-X174                      38      14     7187
 91. PZA        Bacteriophage PZA                            3       1    19366
 92. R17        Bacteriophage R17                            8       6      402
 93. RHO        Bacteriophage Rho11s                         2       1     2187
 94. S13        Bacteriophage S13                            1       1     5386
 95. SP1        Bacteriophage SPO1                          19      19     5707
 96. SP2        Bacteriophage SPO2                           1       1     3040
 97. SP6        Bacteriophage SP6                            5       4     2948
 98. SP8        Bacteriophage SP82                           7       7     1791
 99. SPB        Bacteriophage SP-beta                        4       3     2224
100. SPC        Bacteriophage S-phi-C                        1       1     1377
101. SPP        Bacteriophage SPP1                           2       2     1558
102. SPR        Bacteriophage SPR                            3       1     2129
103. ST1        Bacteriophage ST-1                           2       2      844
104. T12        Bacteriophage T12                            1       1     1837
105. TH1        Bacteriophage TH1                            1       1      220
106. TW1        Bacteriophage TW19                           1       1       76
107. TW2        Bacteriophage TW28                           1       1      260

     Total                                                 781     509   608720

SYNTHETIC

     Key        Name                                   Reports Entries    Bases
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  1. AD2        Artificial gene                              1       1      128
  2. ADB        Artificial gene                              8       8      573
  3. ADH        Artificial gene                              1       1      106
  4. ADL        Artificial gene                              3       3      273
  5. ADV        Artificial gene                              1       1      106
  6. ALM        Avian myeloblastosis virus                   1       1      337
  7. ALR        Rous sarcoma virus                           4       4      413
  8. AMH        Artificial gene                              1       1      234
  9. ARB        Artificial gene                              3       3     1180
 10. ARC        Cloning vector                               2       2      760
 11. ARE        Artificial gene                              1       1      255
 12. ARG        Artificial gene                              1       1      249
 13. ARH        Artificial gene                              5       5      440
 14. ARI        Artificial gene                              1       1      465
 15. ARL        Artificial gene                              2       2      424
 16. ARM        Artificial gene                              1       1      457
 17. ARN        Cloning vector                               1       1      333
 18. ARP        Cloning vector                               6       6     1079
 19. ARS        Artificial gene                              1       1      529
 20. ART        Artificial gene                              1       1       60
 21. ARY        Artificial gene                              1       1      264
 22. ATH        Artificial gene                              1       1      417
 23. BKV        BK Virus                                     6       3     1560
 24. BOV        Bos taurus                                  17      17     6114
 25. BSF        Cloning vector                               2       2       54
 26. BSM        Cloning vector                               1       1       54
 27. BSU        Bacillus subtilis                            9       8     3609
 28. BTH        Artificial gene                              2       2      104
 29. CAR        Artificial gene                              1       1     3616
 30. CEL        Caenorhabditis elegans                       1       1      186
 31. CHK        Gallus sp.                                   4       4      701
 32. CHS        Artificial gene                              1       1      478
 33. CMVMUS     Artificial gene                              1       1     1376
 34. COT        Artificial gene                              1       1     7876
 35. CRO        Artificial gene                              2       2      198
 36. CVC        Cloning vector                               1       1       46
 37. CVE        Cloning vector                               1       1       60
 38. CVJ        Cloning vector                               5       5      390
 39. CVK        Cloning vector                               1       1      120
 40. DRO        Drosophila sp.                               2       2      322
 41. ECO        Escherichia coli                           111      99    17619
 42. EGF        Artificial gene                              1       1      299
 43. ERY        Artificial gene                              1       1      217
 44. EXP        Cloning vector                               2       2      123
 45. EZZ        Cloning vector                               1       1       60
 46. FCS        Cloning vector                               2       2      136
 47. FLA        Artificial gene                              1       1       69
 48. FLU        Influenza virus                              6       6      861
 49. FSB        Artificial gene                              2       2      747
 50. GFA        Artificial gene                              1       1      176
 51. HAL        Artificial gene                              4       3     1633
 52. HBV        Hepatitis B virus                            3       3      315
 53. HCY        Artificial gene                              1       1      313
 54. HET        Hetropolymeric DNA                           2       2      594
 55. HIR        Artificial gene                              1       1      220
 56. HIV        Artificial gene                              5       5      297
 57. HL1        Artificial gene                              4       4      238
 58. HNR        Artificial gene                              1       1       90
 59. HPB        Artificial gene                              1       1      556
 60. HS1        Artificial gene                              1       1      780
 61. HS2        Artificial gene                              2       2      129
 62. HS5        Human cytomegalovirus                        1       1      210
 63. HSV        Herpes Simplex Virus                         6       6      323
 64. HUM        Artificial human gene                       73      64    19468
 65. HY3        Plasmid pHY300PLK                            1       1     4870
 66. IFH        Cloning vector                               1       1       63
 67. IL1        Artificial gene                              1       1       88
 68. INS        Artificial gene                              1       1      232
 69. ISN        Insertion element                            6       6      378
 70. JRD        Cloning vector                               3       3     6852
 71. KAN        Cloning vector                               3       3      210
 72. KPN        Klebsiella pneumoniae                        2       2      354
 73. KY1        Artificial gene                              1       1      171
 74. LAC        Cloning vector                               2       2     1173
 75. LAM        Bacteriophgage lambda                        4       4      336
 76. LET        Artificial gene                              1       1      212
 77. LGT        Cloning vector lambda gt11                   1       1      210
 78. LHM        Artificial gene                              1       1      232
 79. LOR        Cloning vector                               1       1     5614
 80. M13        Cloning vector M13                           8       8      643
 81. M13MP7     Cloning vector M13mp7                        2       2      120
 82. M13MP8     Cloning vector M13mp8                        1       1      382
 83. M13MP9     Cloning vector M13mp9                        1       1       60
 84. M13TG103   Cloning vector M13tg103                      1       1       66
 85. M13TG114   Cloning vector M13tg114                      1       1       60
 86. M13TG115   Cloning vector M13tg115                      1       1       66
 87. M13TG117   Cloning vector M13tg117                      1       1       63
 88. M13TG120   Cloning vector M13tg120                      1       1       54
 89. M13TG130   Cloning vector M13tg130                      1       1       93
 90. M13TG131   Cloning vector M13tg131                      1       1       93
 91. MBO        Artificial gene                              1       1       91
 92. MBR        Artificial gene                              3       3      157
 93. MCA        Cauliflower mosaic virus                     2       2      139
 94. MCV        Cucumber mosaic virus                        5       5      284
 95. MHI        Mouse-human hybrid                           4       4     1574
 96. MLE        Artificial gene                              1       1      936
 97. MLF        Artificial gene                              1       1      213
 98. MLM        Artificial gene                              2       2      178
 99. MML        Cloning vector                              12       4    24042
100. MNV        Artificial gene                              1       1       87
101. MP7        Artificial gene                              2       1       69
102. MP8        Artificial gene                              2       1       60
103. MP9        Artificial gene                              2       1       60
104. MS2        Artificial gene                              1       1      100
105. MSM        Artificial gene                              2       2      331
106. MUS        Mus musculus                                37      37     4018
107. NEU        Artificial gene                              2       2      171
108. NNL        Plasmid pNNL                                 1       1      815
109. NPA        Autographa californica nuclear polyhedrosis virus
                                                             3       3      922
110. P17X       Plasmid pACYC177                             7       6     4190
111. P18X       Plasmid pACYC184                             5       4     4593
112. P23        Artificial gene                              1       1      119
113. PAC        Cloning vector                               1       1       83
114. PAH        Artificial gene                              2       2      107
115. PBD        Cloning vector                               1       1       79
116. PBG        Cloning vector                               6       3    12379
117. PBR        Plasmid pBR322                              42      23     7125
118. PBR313     Plasmid pBR313                               1       1      200
119. PBR322SV   Plasmid pBR322/SV40 hybrid                   5       5      209
120. PBR325     Plasmid pBR325                               3       3      319
121. PBR327     Plasmid pBR327                               3       3     3334
122. PBR329     Plasmid pBR329                               1       1     4150
123. PBR345     Plasmid pBR345                               2       2     1024
124. PBRH4      Plasmid pBRH4                                1       1       71
125. PCE        Cloning vector                               1       1      510
126. PCG86      Plasmid pCG86                                2       2      654
127. PCZ        Plasmid pCZ                                  2       2      208
128. PDPL       Plasmid PDPL13                               1       1       79
129. PEM        Cloning vector pEMBL8p                       4       2     7878
130. PES        Cloning vector                               1       1       99
131. PF1        Bacteriophage f1                             1       1      254
132. PFE        Plasmid pFE                                  2       2      180
133. PFH        Plasmid pFH                                  1       1      120
134. PFL        Cloning vector                               2       1     4588
135. PFR        Plasmid pFR                                  4       4      341
136. PHP        Plasmid pHP45                                1       1      155
137. PHS        Plamsid pHS                                  3       3     2877
138. PHV100     Cloning vector                               1       1      396
139. PHV33      Artificial gene                             13      13      650
140. PIC        Plasmid pIC                                  5       5      477
141. PIG        Artificial pig gene                          3       3      440
142. PIP1088    Plasmid pIP1088                              2       2      142
143. PIVX       Cloning vector pi-VX                         1       1      902
144. PJSC73     Plasmid pJSC73                               1       1     3564
145. PK18       Cloning vector                               1       1     2661
146. PKN        Plasmodium knowlesi                          2       1      360
147. PKT        Artificial gene                              3       3      264
148. PKU        Cloning vector                               3       2     7825
149. PL2        Artificial gene                              2       2      240
150. PL5        Artificial gene                              2       2      310
151. PLB        Cloning vector                               1       1      852
152. PLF        Cloning vector                               2       1     3641
153. PLY        Artificial gene                              1       1       66
154. PMB9       Cloning vector                               1       1      138
155. PMC1843    Plasmid pMC1843                              1       1       62
156. PMK20      Artificial gene                              2       1     4028
157. PMT        Cloning vector                               1       1     2854
158. PMU        Artificial gene                              4       4      576
159. POG        Cloning vector                               1       1      352
160. POL        Artificial gene                              2       2      129
161. POLY       Cloning vector                               6       3     6226
162. PORI17     Plasmid pOri17                               2       2      490
163. PPI        Cloning vector                               1       1     4734
164. PPUC       Cloning vector                               1       1       75
165. PQB        Artificial gene                              1       1       64
166. PRK        Cloning vector                               2       2      839
167. PRT        Artificial gene                              1       1      711
168. PSE        Artificial gene                              2       2      139
169. PSI        Cloning vector                               1       1       81
170. PSKS104    Plasmid pSKS104                              1       1       69
171. PSKS105    Plasmid pSKS105                              1       1       60
172. PSKS106    Plasmid pSKS106                              1       1       60
173. PSKS107    Plasmid pSKS107                              1       1       46
174. PSMF       Cloning vector                               2       2      259
175. PSP        Cloning vector                               2       2      119
176. PSR        Artificial gene                              1       1      138
177. PSS        Cloning vector                               2       2      475
178. PT4        Bacteriophage T4                             4       4      725
179. PT7        Bacteriophage T7                             2       2      282
180. PTK        Plasmid pTK                                  1       1       68
181. PTL        Cloning vector                               1       1       51
182. PTN        Plasmid pTN                                  1       1      355
183. PTR        Plasmid pTr                                  1       1      137
184. PTZ        Plasmid pTZ12                                1       1     2517
185. PUC        Cloning vector                               2       1     3914
186. PUEX       Cloning vector                               2       1     6728
187. PVH51      Plasmid pVH51                                1       1     3847
188. PX1        Bacteriophage phi-X174                       1       1       59
189. PYM        Artificial gene                              1       1      252
190. PYR        Artificial gene                              1       1      158
191. PZ189      Cloning vector                               1       1      153
192. R38        Plasmid R388                                 1       1     1167
193. R67        Plasmid R67                                  1       1      353
194. R6K        Cloning vector                               2       2      176
195. RAT        Rattus sp.                                  14      13     1864
196. RET        Cloning vector                               2       2      780
197. RMT        Artificial gene                              6       6      638
198. RNA        Artificial gene                              1       1      328
199. ROT        Artificial gene                              2       2      141
200. RRNA       Artificial gene                              1       1      136
201. RSC1       Plasmid Rsc13                                3       1     7894
202. RSF1050    Plasmid RSF1050                              1       1      104
203. RSP        Artificial gene                              1       1      100
204. RSV        Rous Sarcoma Virus                           3       3      450
205. RTS        Artificial gene                              1       1      280
206. S100       Artificial gene                              1       1      283
207. SAA        Bacteriophage sigma-11-AA248                 1       1       83
208. SAU        Staphylcoccus aureus                         1       1       60
209. SFV        Semliki forest virus                         3       3      171
210. SHI        Cloning vector                               3       3      428
211. SHU        Artificial gene                              3       3      272
212. SIN        Cloning vector                               2       2      596
213. SLM        Artificial gene                             10      10      817
214. SOMINS     Artificial gene                              1       1      226
215. SP02       Bacteriophage SP02                           1       1      487
216. SP6        Artificial gene                              1       1       78
217. SPI        Artificial gene                              2       2      295
218. SRU        Artificial gene                              1       1      252
219. STA        Artificial gene                              4       4      619
220. STM        Artificial gene                              1       1       71
221. STY        Salmonella sp.                               1       1      135
222. SV4        Simian Virus 40                             13      13     2415
223. SVA        Artificial gene                              1       1      213
224. SYN        Synthetic sequence                         150     144    65005
225. T13        Artificial gene                              1       1      223
226. T4L        Artificial gene                              1       1      518
227. TAC        Artificial gene                              1       1      842
228. THA        Artificial gene                              1       1      641
229. THY        Plasmid pUC8                                 2       1      503
230. TI         Plasmid Ti                                   2       2      127
231. TN3        Artificial gene                              1       1      110
232. TNP        Artificial gene                              1       1      192
233. TNS        Cloning vector                               2       2      144
234. TOB        Artificial gene                              1       1      788
235. TRN28      Cloning vector                               2       2      284
236. TRN3       Transposon Tn3                              10      10     1119
237. TRN5       Artificial gene                              1       1       80
238. TRNB       Artificial gene                              1       1       84
239. TU4        Cloning vector                               2       2      350
240. VAC        Cloning vector                               4       4      683
241. VCH        Artificial gene                              1       1      444
242. VTR        Cloning vector                               1       1      148
243. WHL        Artificial gene                              1       1      507
244. XEL        Xenopus laevis                              13      13     1227
245. YSC        Saccharomyces cerevisiae                    39      39     9984
246. YSE        Artificial gene                              2       1     1795
247. ZMO        Artificial gene                              3       3      740

     Total                                                1011     927   367496

UNANNOTATED

     Key        Name                                   Reports Entries    Bases
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  1.            Unidentified                              4438    3745  4028885

     Total                                                4438    3745  4028885
